Risk management is a love letter to your future self and you're the only one responsible for
delivering it. When I say risk management is a love letter to your future self, what I mean is
this. Every single time you protect your capital, every single time you keep your losses small,
every single time you follow your trading rules, you are doing something today that your future
self will thank you for. Because good risk management keeps you alive in the game. Just think
about it. The only way to win the game is to have chips to play with. But if you run out of chips,
you literally cannot continue playing the game. Good risk management does just that, right? It
allows you to be alive in this game long enough so that you can win big, so that you can win
consistently. It helps you preserve your capital, your confidence, and your ability to keep executing
your edge. And the key here is, nobody else is going to do that for you. Nobody is coming to save you.
You are the only one who has to deliver it through your actions, your discipline, and your decisions
in real time. Which is something that I always say to my students, right? Because everybody is thinking
about how to get rich fast, how to make as much money as humanly possible in the shortest amount of
time. I want to become a millionaire trader in six months. I want to buy the Lamborghini in a year
from now. Buddy, the fastest way to blow up is to try to win faster. The fastest way to become
profitable is to try to lose faster. Because in trading, the goal is not to avoid losses. The goal
is to keep them small, controlled, and consistent long enough for your edge to play out. That's the
holy grail right there. It's to survive in the game long enough for your edge to play out so that you
can actually win. So they can make money consistently. So this lesson, incredibly important, right? So
make sure you actually internalize these principles, which I'm about to share with you, and apply this
risk management framework that I'm about to show you. All right. So first of all, let's talk about
risk management principles. These are like the golden laws, right? These are the golden rules,
right? You have to follow these rules in order for you to really make sure that you
manage your money well. First rule is to protect capital first. All right. So that's the first rule
right there is to protect capital first. Warren Buffett famously said, rule number one is not to make
money. Rule number one is to not lose money. And then rule number two is to never forget rule number
one. Your first job as a trader is not to make money is to not lose money. It's to protect your
capital so you can stay in the game long enough for your edge to play out. Right? Like I said earlier,
if you run out of chips, you cannot continue playing. And if you cannot continue playing,
then you cannot win the game. So the only way for you to actually win the game long term,
not just one time or two times, but long term is to play the long game. And the only way you can play
the long game is if you have capital to play with. Right? So protect your downside, protect your
capital and ensure that, you know, you're not blowing everything on one trade. You're not risking
your entire account on one trade because if you do just that, all it takes is one loss to wipe you
out. Right? All it takes is one loss to get you out of the game. Rule number two, principle number
two is to define your risk before every single trade. Before you enter for the buy or sell the
position, you always need to know exactly how much money are you willing to lose? Is it $100? Is it $1,000?
Is it $500? Is it $300? Whatever it is, you need to clearly define your risk before every single trade.
If you do not define the risk before the trade, emotion will define it during the trade.
What I basically mean by that is that let's say today you're obsessed with making money. Right?
So you're thinking to yourself, if you win this trade, you are going to make a thousand bucks
and then you're going to be able to buy that brand new MacBook. But what you fail to take into
account before you enter for the trade is how much you could potentially lose if this trade does
not go as planned. So as a result, you enter for the trade. Price start going against you.
You're down $500. You're down $700. Price keep going against you. Your heart keep on beating
faster and faster. Your palms start sweating as you watch your loss compound. And now you're down
$1,000. Now you're down $2,000. And now you're down $5,000. And next thing you know, you blew
your entire account on one trade because you haven't clearly defined your risk before every
single trade. Okay? So always make sure you only trade with money you can afford to lose. And it's
very important for you to actually define how much money are you willing to risk on any given trade
before actually entering for the trade itself. Next is to keep your risk consistent. Do not change
your risk based on feelings, based on confidence or based on emotions. Right? The last thing you
should be doing is the sizing up because you just got a winning streak or sizing up just because you
lost a trade and now you want to make back the loss. Do not trade your emotions. Trade the market.
Okay? So make sure you keep your risk consistent. Consistent risk leads to cleaner data,
more stable emotions and better long-term execution. All right? So another reason to keep your risk
consistent is so that you can keep your profits consistent. Think about it. Right? Consistent
profits require consistent actions. If today you're risking 5% of your account, tomorrow you're risking
3% of your account. Next, next day you're risking 2% of your account. Sometimes you're going to lose 5%.
Sometimes you're going to lose 2%. Sometimes you're going to lose 3% because your risk is
variable. It's always changing because of how you feel. Then guess what? You cannot expect your
profits to be consistent. Right? Like mathematically, the only way for your profits to be consistent
is if you have your risk consistent. If you're risking the same amount of money every single trade
and every single time you're wrong, every single time you lose, you are only losing this small amount
of your account. And every single time you win, you are making this much amount of money which outweigh
your little losses. Mathematically, long-term is going to play out. It's going to work in your
favor. Right? So you need to make sure to keep your risk consistent so that you can keep your losses
small and you can have big wins. Next is to use guardrails to control yourself. Set hard rules for max
daily loss, max daily profit, and total trades per day. I'm going to show you how to do this later.
I'm going to show you how to actually implement this into your trading system later. All right?
But you need to do this. Right? You cannot just rely on your emotions. You cannot just rely on your
gut feeling in the heat of the moment. You have to define rules. You have to have like a framework
to prevent you from blowing up. Because good risk management is not just about avoiding big losses.
It is also about preventing emotional decisions. Okay? When you have like a very clear defined rule
that you stick to on a daily basis, you are less likely to deviate from your trade plan.
You are less likely to make stupid decisions in the heat of the moment. Which means you are less
likely to take unnecessary losses. All right? Play stupid game, win stupid prizes. That's it.
Number five is the thing in probabilities, not certainty. No setup is guaranteed. Losses are
part of trading. Risk management works when you accept uncertainty and focus on executing your
edge over a series of trades. So like what I mentioned right here, no matter how confident you
are, no matter how many confluences you have attained from the market itself, you got a liquidity
sweep, market shift, freaking chart patterns, whatever, right? The most confluence trade,
right? You are so confident in the trade idea, there's no way it could go wrong. At least that's
what you thought. Next thing you know, price reverse against you. Even though you have all the confluences,
even though you checked every single box in the trade plan and your entry checklist.
Well, because the market is random, right? At the end of the day,
anything can happen in the market. Anything can happen in the market, right? So you want to make
sure that you're thinking in probabilities, not certainty. Losses are part of the trading. It's
just a cause of doing business, which means that you got to get used to it, right? You got to get
comfortable with it. Warren Buffett loses, Ray Dalio loses, Paul Theodore Jones loses, George Soros
loses, all of these billionaire traders lose from time to time. It's not about how often you lose.
It's about how much money you make when you are right, and how much money you lose when you are
wrong. Because like I said, if you can keep your losses small, and you can keep your wins big,
mathematically, over the law of large numbers, over the long term, you will be profitable. That's the
secret right there. I lose money, Warren Buffett lose money, every single person who trades lose
money, not because you are shit at trading, but because that's just the nature of the market.
Out of 100 trades that you take, some is going to be losses, no matter how good or profitable
your trading strategy is. Nobody on this God's green earth has a 100% win rate, which means that
you will incur losses. So like I said, it's all about keeping the losses small, all about minimizing the
losses and maximizing the profits. So those are the five principles, right, that I adopt on a daily
basis. This is how you should approach risk. This is how you should approach money, right? It's to always
have the survival mentality. Before you can think about thriving, you should first think about surviving.
You cannot thrive if you don't even survive in this game, right? So think about protecting your
risk parameters, downside, think about protecting your account, think about protecting yourself.
Because the hidden cost of not adhering to your risk parameters is emotional. It's emotional. And
the reason why I say this is because let's say you lose money on your first few accounts, right? Like you
lose money trading, no matter how hard you try, you keep on losing money. The obvious loss is the money,
right? The money, the hard-earned money that you have lost to the market. But the not so obvious loss
is your morale. Now you will have a lower morale and now all of these losses will fit into your identity.
You will start to feel like, oh my God, trading is not for me. Trading is a scam. I'm bad at trading.
Maybe I'm not born for trading. All of these infectious beliefs, doubts, is going to creep in your mind.
That's the hidden cause of losses. That's the hidden cause of not adhering to your risk parameters.
When you do not follow your risk management, yes, your account will suffer, but more importantly,
you will suffer, right? You will suffer. Your mental well-being is going to go
off the charts, right? And you will not be able to trade the market for what it is. So yes, it's very
simple. Go and do them, especially when you don't feel like it, right? That's what risk management is.
It's about just adhering to these rules, even when you don't feel like it, especially when you don't
feel like it. Now I'm going to give you a framework, right? So this is the framework that I personally
use to manage my multi-seven figure account. And it's the same framework that allowed me to scale from
five figures to six figures to now multi-seven figures. It's the same framework that got so many of
my students funded. It's the same framework that got most of my students to the stage where they
are consistently profitable and they're making anywhere from 5k a month to $50,000 a month.
It's all using this set of risk management rules right here. First of all, risk a fixed percentage
per trade, right? Like I said, keep your risk consistent. And the rule of thumb is to risk like
1% of your entire account on any given trade, okay? So the industry tells you to stick to 1%,
right? Because if you risk 1% on each trade, guess what? You can be wrong 100 times 1% times 100
before you actually blow your entire account, right? So it gives you more breathing room
to take a bunch of losses and still stay in the game. So 1% is pretty good.
But what I've found based on data is that 0.5% is pretty decent as well. 0.25% is pretty decent as
well. The larger the account that you're managing, the lower your risk of trade should be. Like for
example, right now I'm managing like a $5 million account and I'm still risking 1% of trade, right?
Because that's the amount of money that I'm willing to lose. But if I'm risking $10 million, which I can
safely say that I'm not ready for that yet, but let's say I get to that point where I'm risking
10 million, no, where I'm trading a $10 million account, I'm probably not going to be risking 1%
on that trade itself because 1% on a $10 million account is a lot, a lot of money.
So that is where I might consider risking 0.5%, right? So you want to like just ask yourself,
what is your risk tolerance? What is the amount of money that you're willing to lose on any given trade?
Okay, the maximum is 1%. Anywhere below 1%, that's great. The lower the better, right? Because the
lower, the more room you can afford to lose before you actually blow up, right? Like think about it,
risking 1% per trade, you have 100 bullets in your gun. But if you risk 0.5% on a trade, now you have
200 bullets. You have twice the amount of trades, right? To actually play with, right? But the
downside to risking a small amount of money is that you make less money. So once again,
ask your risk tolerance, like just introspect about risk tolerance. If you are more aggressive,
1% is the right way to go. If you're more conservative, consider risking 0.25% or even
0.5% of your entire account on any given trade. Next is to set a max daily loss. So this is usually
2% to 3% max. Then stop for the day. Now, the reason why I actually encourage you to set this
rule is because you are going to get emotional when you take losses. It's just part of being a human.
You hate to be wrong. You hate the feeling of uncertainty. You hate it. Your ego hates it,
right? So when you take losses, which is inevitable, like I said earlier, you are going to start feeling
emotional. And if you don't have a guardrail that prevents you from making stupid decisions,
taking stupid trades, what tends to happen next is that you're going to revenge trade.
You're going to try to continue trading to make back the money that you have lost.
You're going to over trade. You're going to force trades even though there's no opportunities.
And when you do that, you are no longer trading the market. You are simply trading your mental well-being.
You're simply trading your emotions. And when you're trading your emotions, you are not looking at price.
You are not rational. You are not logical. You are not executing your trade plan. And when you do that,
the market is going to punish you. The market is going to punish you with a big loss. Next thing you know,
you lose 1k initially. Now you take this other trade. Now you're down 2k. And then you continue
trading and now you're down 5k. And the next thing you know, you have blown your entire account.
Because in the heat of the moment, the emotional part of your brain overpowered the rational part of
the brain. As a result, you were unconscious. You don't even realize that you are actually emotional,
but your emotions were driving your decision making. And that's a very dangerous way to be trading.
So you want to have like a max daily loss, right? So 2% to 3% of your account, right? So for example,
if your account got 100k, if you lose 3k, assuming you're risking 1% on any given trade, which means
you lose 3 trades, you stop trading for the day. Okay, you stop trading for the day. You sit back,
revaluate what's going on, journal down a trade, reflect, and then get back to the charts when you
are ready mentally. Okay, so yeah, having like a max daily loss helps out a lot. And also respect
your max drawdown, usually 5% to 10% max before reducing size or pausing. So this one is quite
simple if you actually stick to rule number one and rule number two right here. If you have a max daily
loss and you have a fixed risk per trade, your drawdown shouldn't be anywhere more than 1%.
Right on any given trade. And if you have five different open positions, then you'll probably
be like 5% max, right? So drawdown is like the amount of money that you are going into rate
before you actually go back into break even or profitable, right? So I'll say a good amount
is like 5% to 10% before you're reducing size or pausing. So once again, if you stick to these two,
and you have rule number four, you should be fine. Which brings us to rule number four,
which is to limit total trades per day. Do not let one day turn into emotional over trading. Like I
said, your job is to make sure that you minimize your losses. And you can minimize your losses in two
ways. Quantitatively, right? Which is just ensuring that whenever you lose, you lose a little bit of
money. And that is adhering to your risk per trade. And also another way is to limit the number of losses
you incur on any given day. And that's what two, three, four is about, right? It's about just
ensuring that the most amount of money that you could lose for today is 3% of your account or even
5% of your account. And once you hit that, you're done. Or, you know, once you take three trades for
today, you're done. Okay. So even if you win those three trades, you still stop trading for the day
because three is three, right? It doesn't matter whether you win or lose those three trades. As long
as you have taken three trades, you stop trading for the day. This prevents you from over trading.
It prevents you from revenge trading. And most importantly, it prevents you from giving back
the profits that you have made back to the market. Just think about it. How many times have you
take a, let's say you win a trade, right? And that's another thing that I believe, right?
I don't think the hard part is losing. I think the hard part is winning. Because when you start
winning a trade, now your ego starts stepping into your decision-making. Now you start feeling
overconfident. You start feeling this euphoria. And now you are inclined to just disregard the risk
management because you're on top of the world, right? You feel like you're the king of the trading
industry. You're the best trader in the entire world. Next thing you know, you continue trading.
And on the next trade itself, you end up giving back the profits that you have made back to the
market. And the next trade, you lose money and now you are back to square one. Or even worse,
you are in a loss than you started in the first place, right? All because you don't have like some
form of rule to really just ensure that you limit the amount of trades that you're taking on any given day.
Last but not least, it's only risk on A-quality setups. Protect capital by being selective,
not just by sizing smaller. Okay? So you want to make sure that you're protecting your capital
by ensuring that you are only risking it on the setups that are worth taking. On a setups that has a
high chance of working out. And that is the A-plus setups, right? Which is something that we talked
about in the last few lessons, how to define an A-plus setup. So those are the setups that is worth
deploying the capital for. Okay? Because those are the setups where, you know, once again,
price is not going to suddenly go in your way because those models appear, but it has a higher
chance of working out compared to if you take a setup that is a B setup or like a C setup.
Now, understanding risk management is one thing. Actually following it real time is another thing.
And that's where so many traders struggle. They know what they should do, but they don't do it.
Because in the heat of the movement, emotions cloud their judgment. In the heat of the movement,
they forget their trade management. They forget their risk management rules. They ignore it.
And that's exactly why we built all of these risk management features inside Edgeflow, my trading super
app. Once again, most traders already know what to do, but they just don't do it. Edgeflow helps
you close that gap by turning risk management from an ideal, from a rule you have written down on a paper
into a trading system. You literally have no choice but to build all of these trading rules
that I just shared with you here into your trading system. Let me show you what it looks like. So the
first feature that we have is the auto risk calculator, right? So the first step is to make
sure that every single trade is sized properly. So for example, today, if I were to enter a trade on
EURUSD, I come in here and I press trade. This is where the minute I place my stop loss,
Edgeflow automatically calculate the lot size for me based on my stop loss distance, based on my account
size and my risk per trade. All right. So in this case, I'm risking 1% per trade because that's the guard
rail that I've set for myself in my settings. So if I come here and I place my stop loss at let's say
1.17085, right? You can see my stop loss right here. Look, the lot size automatically get calculated
for me and it's automatically updating in real time based on the fluctuations of price. This way, I'm
always risking 1% of my account on any given trade. All right. So this is a very amazing sort
of feature for me when I started using it because I don't have to go to another website, spend so much
time trying to figure out my lot size. The system literally does it for me. And if you don't like to
place the price of the stop loss, you can also place it in terms of pips, right? So for example,
I want to have like a 3 pip stop loss, boom, lot size automatically get calculated. Or even just like
a 1 pip stop loss, boom, lot size get auto calculated, right? So very useful feature to have,
it pretty much reduces the friction that is needed for you to be disciplined, right? For you to actually
adhere to your risk parameters, right? This way you're no longer guessing a lot size or eyeballing
your exposure. You're entering every single trade with a defined risk amount that matches your trade
plan. Which brings us to the guardrails that we have right here. Okay. So if you notice all of these
guardrails, you can configure them in your settings. This allows you to have a max loss,
a max profit target, and also the max trades per day, and also your risk per trade. All of
this is what we call the guardrails, right? So if you go to settings and you go to trading preferences,
this is where you can set your guardrails. Like I said, you want to limit the amount of trades that
you're taking on any given day. So this is where you can set it over here, right? If you want to take
three trades a day, put that in. If you want to take two, put that in. Whatever it is, just put it in
right here. So once again, this is very important, right? Because this helps us reduce overtrading,
reduce impulsive trades, reduce bottom entries, reduce low-quality setups that is outside our entry
model. When you know you only have a limited amount of bullets, which is five in this case,
you become much more selective. Now you are just thinking through every single trade before you
actually enter for the trade itself. And that selectivity improves execution. Okay? So for
example, if I set three right here, I only have three bullets for today. So I want to be very mindful.
I want to really make sure that I think through before I enter for the trade. Because once I hit
three trades, I'm done for the day. Another thing is the max daily loss, right? So once again,
this helps you protect yourself from turning one red day into a destructive day. Once your max daily
loss is hit, that should be a signal to stop. This rule right here exists to protect you from revenge
trading, emotional sizing, forcing setups after losses, and just digging a deeper hole for yourself,
right? So once again, if this account that I'm using right now is a million dollars, right? So if that's the
case, my risk per trade is usually about 1%. So let's say I only want to be losing a total of 2% or
3% on any given trade, this is where I can just put a max daily loss as 20k or 30k or whatever
I want to set for the day. And then once I actually lose more than 30k or near 30k, this is where
ErgeFlow will automatically block me from trading, I will not be able to continue trading because my max loss
has been triggered. So this way it prevents me from revenge trading. And also a max profit which prevents
you from giving back your profits back to the market, right? Like I said earlier, the problem
right here is with winning. A lot of traders, they make money early, and then they keep trading out of
greed, out of boredom, out of overconfidence, and they end up giving it back. Okay, sometimes the most
disciplined decision is to stop after a strong session. Once you make money, know when enough is
enough and just stop. And this got real right here, allows you to protect a green day, allows
you to protect your profits, and not give it back to the market, right? So I usually like to set it
at around like 5% to 10%. Once I hit 5% or 10% on any given day, I'm done for the day, right? Like
that's the most amount of money that I'm willing to make before I just stop. Because I know for a fact
that if I go more than this amount, I will just end up, you know, making stupid mistakes and giving
back the profits back to the market. And I also like the risk per trade right here, like I mentioned
earlier, this is where you can define how much money you want to risk on any given trade based
on your account. In this case, 1% is where I usually like the risk. I can even go to 0.5% as well,
or even 0.25%, and the lot size will automatically adjust by itself to match the risk, right? So let's
say 0.5% in this case right here. And this is where when you go and trade, you realize that the risk per
trade has been changed to 0.5%. And if you set your stop loss, you will see that it's a lot more
lesser right now, right? The loss is a lot more lesser, right? Because once again, this is calculated
based on the stop loss distance and based on the risk per trade. So all of these features that we
have in place helps to reduce the friction it takes to trade in a disciplined manner. Okay, like if you
don't have this gut risk in a system, it's just make it a lot more difficult for you to become
consistently profitable, right? Because when you are trying to be disciplined,
it requires a lot of willpower. It requires a lot of mental energy. And when you're putting
that energy into trying to be disciplined, it's going to be very hard for you to actually just
trade profitably, for you to just trade fast. So with edge flow, instead of relying on discipline
in a moment, you literally build discipline into your environment, right? So once you hit the max
trades per day, this trade button get grayed out, you are not allowed to trade, you can override it,
but it will require you to input a reason. Same thing, if you hit a max loss, if you hit a daily
target, you will not be allowed to trade. Right? So this means that your lot sizing is calculated
properly. Every single time you are risking the same amount of trade with 0.5% or 1% based on what you
choose, which means that you have a consistent risk equal consistent profits. Also means that your risk is
always defined before the trade, right? You're not scrambling ahead thinking about, oh, what lot
size should I use for this trade? No, because it's automatically calculated for you. Once again,
you have no choice but to like, just stick to your risk parameters. Your daily loss has a hot cam,
right? So once you hit this amount, you're done for the day. Your daily profit can finally be protected.
Your total number of trades is controlled. Once again, all of these guardrails just makes it so much
easier to stay aligned with your rules, even when the market is moving fast.
Most traders do not fail from the lack of knowledge. A lot of you guys watching this
video right here already know about these principles. You already know what to do,
right? You already know that you shouldn't be risking your entire account on one trade
because that's gambling. That's not trading.
They fail from a lack of consistency. And consistency is so difficult to maintain
when you are trading independently by yourself. But it becomes so much easier when your trading
environment supports that discipline. So instead of relying on willpower or, you know, energy or your
emotions or guesswork, your trading environment literally support that discipline, right? Literally
build it into your system itself. So now you have no choice but to be disciplined on a daily basis.
And like I said, consistent actions lead to consistent results. When you're consistent in terms of the
way you manage your capital, it's only a matter of time till you see consistent profits.
That's why edge flow is not just about analysis. It's also about execution and behavior. Because your edge
is not in your strategy. Your edge is also in your ability to manage risk, protect capital and stay
disciplined over a large sample size of trades. Everything you need to trade profitably, everything
you need to think, act and feel like a professional trader is in edge flow. So if you want to get your
hands on this awesome trading software, click the link in bio. Because at the end of the day,
risk management should not live only in your head. It should be built into the way you trade. Okay.
And that's the real purpose of having all of this risk calculator and gut rails inside edge flow.
To make discipline execution easier, to reduce the friction it's needed, to be disciplined,
to do the right things, so that it can become more consistent, so that your results can become more
repeatable, and more predictable, and more scalable. Right? So with that being said,
hope you guys have enjoyed this lesson. And as always, remember, you're just one trade away.
