What if I tell you that everything you knew about trading is wrong?
Have you ever stopped and wonder why you keep on getting stopped out again and again and again?
It's because you don't understand liquidity. At least one mistake is costing you thousands of
dollars. So in this market mechanics course, I'm going to teach you how to spot liquidity
so you don't become the liquidity. First and foremost, in order to spot liquidity,
you have to understand what are inducements. Inducements are basically traps for retail
traders where smart money entices market participants to enter for trades and transact
at certain levels. In this way, smart money is able to generate a large amount of liquidity
in order to fuel their large positions. They basically entice retail traders by using obvious
chart patterns like double top and double bottom or support and resistance levels. Basically all
these retail trading concepts, baiting them into entering the trade early. For example,
when a retail trader see a double bottom chart pattern just like this from at a support level,
they're going to enter for a buy thinking that price will go up. And as a result,
they will most likely be placing the stop loss below the support level or below the double bottom
just like this. And when this happens, this actually generate liquidity. Because if the retail traders who
enter for a buy right here get stopped out, guess what? They have to sell the position. On the other
hand, this double bottom chart pattern also induces the retail traders who might be bearish and they
want to enter for a sell when price actually break out of this support level right here. In this case,
they will most likely be placing a sell stop order below the support level or below the double bottom.
once again generating liquidity below these lows right here. Now, once all the retail noobs have
been induced to enter for their buy orders and their sell stop orders, smart money will then manipulate
price by pushing it down to sweep the available liquidity below these lows. And when this happens,
this will generate enough liquidity to fuel their large buy orders. And this causes price to skyrocket to
the upside. This is exactly why you keep on getting stopped out only to see price go in your way. It's
simply because smart money is just getting some liquidity from you. Now let's look at other types
of inducements. So in this bearish scenario right here, we have price pulling back to this supply
zone that we have right here. And the minute price actually mitigate the supply zone, it formed a
double top. Once again, when retail traders see this double top chart pattern, they're going to think
that, you know what, I'm going to enter for a sell right here and place my stop loss above this
double top only for price to later go on there, sweep the available liquidity above this double top
before going back down, right? It's pretty much the same concept right here. On the other hand,
there will also be retail traders who want to enter for a buy after price actually break out of this
resistance level or this double top. In that case, they'll be placing the buy stop orders right here
only for smart money to manipulate price up there and sight them out of their position by causing price
to reverse and head in the other direction after grabbing liquidity. So yeah, this is exactly why
chart patterns don't work that well, right? So if you're still trading chart patterns, it's time to
stop, all right? On the other hand, right here, we also got a strong low and strong high example. Now
the other type of inducements is also created when there is a strong low or strong high. In this case,
we got price pulling back to the last swing low, right? And what happened was that the internal
structure turned bearish to facilitate that pullback. So we could expect the internal structure to be
bearish. And when we see price breaking past the last internal lower high, that tells us that there
is a market shift, there is a shift in structure and price is going to head up, right? Wrong. Because
what can potentially happen is that price could just go out there, sweep the available liquidity above
this swing high right there before coming down there even further sweeping the available liquidity below
this swing low as well, right? So a lot of retail traders, they will most likely enter for a buy
after this strong low is formed, but then later price come down and sweep more liquidity before
actually going to the upside. Or in this bearish scenario right here, where a strong high is formed
after price actually break past that strong internal higher low, right? When this happens, remember
there is available liquidity above this swing high. Once again, because all the retail traders who
enter for a sell here, they will be placing their stop loss above this swing high. Only for smart
money to come up there, sweep the available liquidity above this swing high and causing price to go in
that other direction. So my tip is always look out for inducements when price is approaching a point of
interest, like an order block, a supply and demand zone, or a flip zone, or even a sweep zone, right?
Any sort of point of interest. Because when price actually approach those zones, that is where so many
retail traders, they will be impatient and they will enter too early just for price to come down and
sweep the available liquidity before the actual move actually happens. So always wait for liquidity
sweep before entering. And remember, if you cannot spot the liquidity, then you are most likely the
liquidity. Instead of me yapping, why not? I just go onto the charts and show you how it's done,
alright? So right now we got GU on a 15 minute time frame. The first thing you want to do is to
actually map out your structure. So over here we got a break of structure to the downside and this
tell us that this is that last 15 minute swing high, okay? So I'll just put this as the 15 minute
strong swing high that led to this break of structure. And then over here we got price pull
back a little bit before going down even further. And this could constitute as your internal break of
structure, okay? So when we got a market shift right here where price actually broke past that
last internal lower high, this does not signal that price has officially shifted bullish.
This just signal that price is potentially turning bullish to facilitate that pullback back to that
last swing high before continuing down, going even further and continue creating that lower high,
lower low dynamic. So always try to understand what's the objective of price, right? What is price
trying to do? So now we have figured out that, okay, price has officially turned bullish to facilitate
that pullback. So on the internal structure, we can expect price to create higher highs, higher lows,
until price actually break past that last higher low, that last internal higher low, give us the
market shift, a shift in structure, then that confirm to us that price is shifting bearish and we can
look for our sell position to trade with that swing structure. And then the next step is to actually
mark up your point of interest, okay? So over here, we got our extreme supply zone right here that led
to this break of structure. And then there is also another supply zone right here, okay? There's also
another supply zone right here. This is more of an order block, right? But I'll just label this as a
supply zone right there. Let me just mark this up right there, make it a little bit more cleaner.
Okay, so right now we have our two points of interest. We know that price is turning bullish to facilitate
that pullback. The objective of price is that it wants to mitigate this, either one of this supply
zone, right? Fill up the remaining sell orders before heading back to the downside, right? So in
this case, let's just continue to play price forward and just wait for price to mitigate that point of
interest. So until price actually does that, we are not doing anything. Okay, cool. You can see price
has stepped into our near supply zone. Remember when I told you that inducements tend to form at a
point of interest? This is exactly what I mean. At this point of time, just because price has stepped
into a supply zone does not mean that price is going to go down straight, okay? What can happen
is that it can create inducements, traps to entice retail traders to enter a seller position early
just for price to go up there, super available liquidity before heading back down even further,
right? So you don't want to enter too early. You want to enter at the perfect timing. So at this
point of time, we are waiting for our inducements. Okay, you can see price is reacting at the supply zone,
but we are patient. We are not doing anything whatsoever because first of all, there is no
inducement. Second of all, we haven't got a shifted structure that tells us that the structure have
shifted bearish and right now we're going to continue to go down because right now price can
continue to go up even further. Okay, so you can see price started shifting bearish and then we are
getting a reaction from this zone right here. And what do we have right now? We have a double top,
right? So if you look at this, we got a price reacting from the supply zone, pull back and then
goes up there, react from this supply zone again and then start coming down right here, right? So
there is actually a double top and remember double top, the two tops does not have to be the same
height, okay? So you can have one that is higher than the other. It is still counted as a double top.
And in this case, there is also another double top right here. You can see like a fractal double top
right here on the five minute time frame. Okay, so right here, we got our inducements. Very,
very nice double top right here. This is where most retail traders, they might want to enter for a
sell somewhere right around here. And if they do enter for a sell here, guess what? They're going
to be placing their stop loss above this highs right here. And in this case, let's look at what
happened next. Okay, price went down, they are in profit, they are happy, they are celebrating,
you know, they are considering getting that new car right now because, you know, they have made 10k and
boom, they just lost, I don't know, their life savings or something, right? Too bad for you,
you don't understand liquidity, right? So if you're watching my video, you shouldn't be operating
in this way. You should be operating like a professional, professional, all right? So at
this part of time, we know that, okay, we got that inducement, we are patient, right? We are not trying
to enter for a sell here too early whatsoever. We are waiting for our liquidity to be swept before
actually entering for the trade itself. And what do we have right here? We got a very nice liquidity
sweep, right? Where price actually go up there, sweep the available liquidity above this swing high right
here above this double top and then right now we can expect price to actually create like that
reaction, right? But in order for this liquidity sweep to be valid, it needs to create a sharp
V-shaped reaction just like this. So I'm waiting for that still, right? I'm not entering yet. You can see
very sharp V-shaped reaction, right? Very, very nice. Now at this point of time, we got our liquidity
sweep, but that does not allow me to enter for the trade yet. Because what can happen is that price can
still go up even further because the internal structure is still bullish. So you map out your
internal structure, you will see that, okay, this is that last swing high, okay? This is the 15-minute
swing high and then this is that last swing low that we have right here, okay? So this is actually
our 15-minute swing low. So in order for us to confirm a shift in structure, in order for price to
turn bearish, price has to break past this last 15-minute swing low, right? And that will tell us
that price has officially shifted bearish, right? So at this point of time, we got our liquidity
sweep, we are still patient, we are waiting for our market shift right here that confirm to us,
you know, we are, the lower timeframe structure is aligned with the higher timeframe structure,
then we will start entering for the trade. And there we have it, a very, very beautiful market
shift. Ladies and gents, this is your entry signal, right? So at this point of time, you know,
I will be mapping out the point of interest that led to this market shift, okay? So this is a little
supply zone, okay? Or order block, whatever you like to call it, that led to this market shift,
and this is where I want to actually enter for the trade. If you have watched my videos in the past,
you will also know that this is actually a flip zone, because we are reacting from this supply
right here, I mean this demand zone right here, and if this demand zone were to do its job,
price will continue to go up. But in this case, it created a reaction right here, right? So this is
actually our 15 minute flip zone, and this is where I want to actually look for my entry.
Price immediately pull back into the area right there, tap me into the trade, and at this point
of time, your stop loss, you can place it above this flip zone, or you can even place it above that
liquidity sweep, right? Because once price sweep the available liquidity above this swing high,
we know that this high right here is somewhat protected, right? So in that case, you can place your
stop loss above this high as well, okay? So it's really up to you. And for illustration purposes,
we're just going to keep this strategy simple and just going to target about 3R, okay? Just going
to target 3R just like this, okay? So obviously, I will actually place my stop loss above this flip
zone. I wouldn't place it so far up, right? Because I know my shit, all right? So yeah,
you can see price pullback, boom, immediately going to profit. Look at that large amount of imbalance.
Okay, within like a few hours, it just dropped into our take profit. As simple as that. This is the
power of liquidity. When you can understand liquidity, you're essentially God, right?
You're essentially God. Now, this is how I personally trade liquidity sweeps, right? There
are some traders out there who might actually enter for a sell somewhere right around here
after price sweep liquidity. And in that case, they'll be placing their stop loss above once
again, this protected swing high that swept liquidity and could potentially be targeting this
area right here, right? And in that case, that might work for you as well, right? So if you want to do
that, by all means, go ahead. My advice will always be the same. And that is to test out which entry work
battle for you. For me personally, I need to wait for the market shift to give me further confirmation,
right? And I get that multi-time frame alignment before I can actually, you know, let the trade
do its thing. But for some of you guys who might be more aggressive, then in that case, you might want
to enter straight away after the liquidity sweep. Find out what works for you based on data that you
collect after countless of backtesting and forward testing, okay? Okay, now let's look at the next
example that we have on curiosity on a four-hour time frame, right? So same thing, first things
first, go and map out your structural. You will see that this is the last bullish break of structural
that tells us that this is actually the last swing low. And then right here, this is that last swing
high. So right now, we know that the objective of price is that it's turning bearish to facilitate
that pullback to that last swing low before price could potentially create that new higher low and
continue creating your higher highs and higher lows to the upside, okay? So now that you have
understood the objective of what price is trying to do, you must mark up your point of interest,
which is step two, right? And you will see that this is actually demand zone right there,
a four-hour demand zone. And then there is also another demand zone right here. It's a tiny one
because what happens is that price actually got there, it pulled back on the lower time frame,
make a small little pullback and then it just goes back up, right? But it is still counted as a
point of interest, right? So this is actually our demand zone, okay? So you can see right now,
price has actually tapped into this near demand zone, right? So when you look at this, there is
two demand zones. There's the near demand zone and then there's the extreme demand zone.
I personally don't like to enter on the near demand zone because when you enter the near demand zone,
right, you try to enter for a buy right here and you place your stop loss below this zone,
what happens is that price could potentially come down and tap into the extreme zone before the real
move actually happened. And in that case, if you entered once right here and then right now you
enter again after price actually come into this extreme zone, you are prone to being wrong twice,
okay? Because what happens is that if this zone fails as well, in that case, you have been wrong two
times, one time right here and another time right here. But if you just enter the trade at the extreme
zone, you might just be wrong once and that's it, right? But obviously, this depends on different
scenarios in the market but that's a conversation for another day. But for now, price has stepped
into our near demand zone so we are looking at what price is doing at this near demand zone.
So at this point of time, price has actually reacted from this near demand zone that we have
right here, right? So let's go down to the one hour time frame and see what price is doing,
right? And you can see we got that price reacting right here and we know that we are trying to spot
inducements at this point of interest, right? So let's continue to play price and see what price
does. Okay, so you can see right here, when price actually reacted from this demand zone, guess what?
All the retail traders, or rather most of them, they are going to enter for a buy right here and
they're going to be placing their stop loss below these lows. Because what happens is that price has
just mitigated from their demand zone or their support level, right? So obviously, price is going to go
up now and then later on, price comes down, sweep the available liquidity up below this low right here
and look at what we have. We got that sharp V-shaped reaction to the upside right there.
Okay, so at this point of time, we got a strong low being from, right? Because prices actually went up
there and broke structure, okay? It broke structure right here. Okay, when a strong low is formed just
like this, once again, the retail traders, they're going to be entering for a buy right here and they
will be placing their stop loss below this strong low right here. After all, what could go wrong,
right? This is a strong low. Price is not going to go lower than this, right? Price is just going to
go up right now. So let's look at what happened next. Guys, come on guys, you're better than this.
This is what happens when you don't understand liquidity. You are the victim of market manipulation
again and again and again, right? So wake up, buddy. So what we have right here was that price is just
sweeping the available liquidity above this last high right here, just for price to go down even further.
And that is why I don't actually recommend you guys to actually enter on the near zone.
Okay, so we got that inducement, that strong low inducement right here. We know that there is
available liquidity below this strong lows right here. Okay, so I'll just put that that liquidity
mark right there that shows us that there is available liquidity below this strong lows. As you
see right here, price has just went down there and the available liquidity below the strong low.
And right now we can expect price to actually go up right there and then actually creates that real
market shift to the upside. Okay, so at this point of time, if you look at the extreme zone,
the extreme zone is still unmitigated, right? So there is still a chance that price will come
down in the future to mitigate this extreme zone before it actually goes up there and break past that
last swing high. Okay, so right now, if you did actually enter for a buy right here, after you got that
liquidity shift below the strong low, you can potentially target like this area right here or
1 to 3R, right? Like what I've mentioned earlier. But let's continue to see what price does. Because
what happens is that if you look at it closely at a high level, you will actually see that there is
available liquidity below this strong low as well, right? So this one is kind of harder to spot.
But once again, I just want you to time travel back with me a little bit. Okay, so what we have
right here was that this was that that last break of structure, right to the downside,
which means this is that last low. And then we got price actually breaking past that last
low that we have right here. When price break past this last low, we got a market shift right here.
And this tell us that this is the new strong low. Okay, this is the strong low that led to this
market shift right here. And because it is just a beautiful swing low, just like this, there is
available liquidity below this swing low. Okay, so yeah, this one is a little bit trickier. Okay,
but right now, remember your extreme zone is unmitigated. So what can potentially happen is
that price is going to come down there, sweep the available liquidity from this strong low
before the real move actually happens and take out this swing high right here. Okay, so you can see
price came down later on available liquidity from that strong low. Okay, once again, you must
understand the rationale of this. When retail traders, what they will do is that they're going
to be entering for a buy right here. Okay, when retail traders, maybe even a lot of expert traders,
they see price actually creating this market shift right here, they potentially enter a buy right here
after this strong low is created. And that is where they could potentially be target, like maybe right
here, or maybe even at this swing high, because they're expecting price to take out this swing high,
right. And maybe they are placing a stop loss below this strong low right here, maybe the entry
was like right here, because this is a little bit ridiculous, this is a little bit too late.
But let's say they have like some good entry, let's give them some credit, okay. And in this case,
stop loss below this strong low liquidity right here, they are trying to target this swing high.
And then they see price going so near that swing high, then bam reverse against them and hit their stop loss.
Now this is where they are raging, right. This is where they are angry because they just got
stopped out right here. And that is really just price sweeping the available liquidity from this
strong low. And then the real move actually happens right there and finally take out that last swing
high and move up to the upside. This is what happens when you can really understand liquidity,
it can actually prevent you from losing a lot of time and money. Now I know you're tired, bro. I know
you're tired of losing again and again, getting stopped out over and over again. I was in your exact
position until everything changed when I finally understood liquidity. Liquidity was that one
game changer for me and my coaches inside the 1% club. After we really understood liquidity,
we know how to spot liquidity, everything started to click like clockwork. I know you might be
struggling right now. You can't pay your rent. The cars are repossessed. Nobody believes in you.
You have lost again and again and again. The lights are cut off, but you're still looking at your dream,
reviewing your goals every single day and telling yourself it's not over until you win. That's the
spirit that you need to have, right? For me, I was so obsessed with trading and getting successful at
trading where I literally locked myself in a room and just grinded at a charts. And I told myself that
I could either succeed at trading or I would die trying. There is no in between. I was sick and tired
of working my 9 to 5 job. I was sick and tired of being a waiter. I had to succeed. I have no choice.
So don't stop running towards your dream. If you are to become a successful trader, don't stop.
There is going to be days where you adopt yourself thinking that whether this is actually the right
decision, especially after you have just lost like $5,000. But those are the times where you need
to put your head up and just tell yourself to keep going. Because if you quit right now,
the only thing you guarantee is failure. That's it. When the rough times come, tell yourself,
they are not here to stay. They are here to pass. These too shall pass. So if you're having a bad
trading day, don't say that you have a bad day. Say that you have a character building day. Today is
going to make me a better trader. And that's the spirit. That's the mentality that you need to have
in order to succeed in this tiring marathon. And if you want to learn more about liquidity,
you can check out this video right here. And as always, remember you are just one trade away.
