If you are still struggling with trading, it's because you don't understand how the market truly
operates and how price actually works. That is why in this video, I'm going to give you my exact
mechanical trading strategy that has been proven and backtested. This is the same strategy that
has allowed countless of my students to get funded and bank consistent profits. So without further
ado, let's dive straight into it. So what you see on the screen right now is basically how price
actually move on a fundamental level. And I know it might look very complex and confusing right now,
but don't worry, I'm going to go through step by step and dissect this entire chart diagram
for you. So first of all, price in the uptrend, in a bullish order flow, price will go up and reach
some sort of unmitigated supply zone, which you can find on the higher timeframe and then you will
start pulling back. Once you start pulling back, more demand step back into the market to push price
up even further. And eventually what happens next? You are just anticipating or rather waiting for
price to start pulling back again. So when price actually break above the last swing high, now
creating your bullish break of structure, we can expect price to start pulling back, right? So when
price does that, you know, eventually come up to some sort of unmitigated supply zone. Once again,
you look towards your left, you identify any sort of point of interest, supply zone, order block or flip
zone, whatever. And then your job is to just anticipate a pullback to happen at that point of
interest. So that is what it did right here. So once price start pulling back, what you can do is
to narrow your focus to a certain part of price so that you don't confuse yourself, right? So you
basically do that by actually marking up your strong low and also your weak high right here, which is the
highest point before price starts pulling back. And I almost forgot to mention, but for this strategy,
we are only going to be using three timeframes, right? We're going to focus on three main time
frame, our higher time frame, medium time frame, and lower time frame. The higher time frame,
the daily time frame, we're going to use it to actually identify the swing structure to find out
whether price is actually bullish or bearish, whether price is in the continuation phase or the
pullback phase, and then also identify the swing structure like what we have done here,
right? And we are also going to use it to mark up any sort of unmitigated supply or demand zones.
So that's the purpose of the higher time frame is to allow you to build a narrative and actually
allow you to understand what's going on with the market right now. And then for the medium time
frame, we're going to use the four hour or the one hour time frame. And this is where you can
identify the internal structure, right? What is price doing within this swing range itself? And
then you can also mark up any sort of medium time frame point of interest. And then lower time frame,
15 minute time frame or the five minute time frame. These are the time frame that we are actually
going to be executing our trade on, right? So these are the time frame that you want to look
for your entry models. Price is going to turn bearish for a short amount of time to facilitate
the pullback of the higher time frame trend, the higher time frame order flow. So that is when price
started turning bearish in the internal structure, creating a lower high, you know, lower low, lower
high, lower low. Like I said, it's just facilitating the pullback. That is why price is going to turn
bearish. And then eventually price pulls back, pulls back and it pulls back all the way down
to where? Your demand zone that is created from the strong low, right? So this is when price actually
pivoted, right? And created your last higher low. So at this last higher low, there's going to be
demand. There's going to be buyers waiting for this at this area to actually push price up. So that is
when price get to this demand zone, right? This higher time frame demand zone and at this strong low,
that is when we know that this pullback could potentially end soon. And that is when we know
that price is going to turn bullish again, right? Shift of structure, shift of order flow, flip from
supply to demand. And right now the internal structure is aligned with the external structure,
the swing structure. And yeah, basically it's bullish, right? Right now internal structure is
bullish, external structure or swing structure is bullish. And right now you can look for price to
actually create that higher high and higher low. And most likely you can see price come up to
our weak high that we have right here. And then eventually it could break above this weak high,
creating your higher highs and higher low, break of structure. When that actually happens,
this whole cycle repeats itself, right? So this is just how price actually works on a fundamental level.
I did not create this. This is just how price actually is. When you look at a chart, right? The
main thing you want to ask yourself is who is in control of price, whether the supply or the demand.
In this case right here, where price is actually creating that swing structure, demand is in control,
right? Price is bullish, demand is in control, and price is just creating this bullish break of
structure. But the minute price starts pulling back, right? Like I said, it's going to turn bearish
for a short amount of time to facilitate that pullback. That is when supply take control of the
market. And eventually price get to some sort of demand zone right here, and then demand step back
into the market and take over control of price. And that is when price start turning bullish again
to be aligned with the higher timeframe or the flow. So yeah, this is the question that you want to ask
yourself at all times, who is in control of price? Because if you can answer that question,
you can be on the right side of the market, and you can actually win rather than lose your hard-earned
money. And now that you have a broad overview of how price actually work, your next question is,
okay, Brad, cool. Now, where exactly do we enter on? How do we actually trade this? Do we enter for
a sell right here during the pullback? Or do we enter for a buy, say, right here at this loss? Or do
we enter for a buy here? Or do we enter for a sell here? Right? Where exactly can we actually trade
from? That is when we move on to the next part of this lesson, which is your market phases,
right? You need to understand which phase of the market is it in right now, and then deploy
your trading strategy accordingly, right? This means different market phases, you must be doing
different thing. And this is the main thing that so many traders get it wrong, right? A lot of traders,
what they do is that they try to buy at all these weak lows right here, right? They try to buy at all
this weak low right here, right? Which doesn't make sense whatsoever because price is still bearish
and it's still putting back. So if you enter for a buy right here, you are going against
the internal structure, the internal range. And then some people, they try to enter for a sell
right here, where price has already turned bullish, that it's already aligned with the higher time frame
order flow, and you're still trying to go against the trend, right? Go against the internal trend
and the swing trend, which just doesn't make sense whatsoever. So yeah, now I'm just going to
explain to you how these different market phases actually work. And I mainly split it into four
phases, right? So let's go through one by one. So firstly, we have the pro swing plus pro internal
phase, right? And you can see the color of the phase, it's correlated to the color of the boxes.
So you can just match the phase of the market to the color of the box, right? So first phase is the
pro swing plus pro internal phase. What this means is that the swing structure, the trend, the
order flow is the same as the internal structure, internal order flow, right? So this phase happens
when price has finished putting back, right? It has finished putting back, and then right now is
continuing with the higher time frame order flow, right? So in this case, your objective is very
simple. It's just to write the higher time frame trend and order flow, right? This means you can look
for buy at all these demand zones right here, demand zone, demand zone. And then after you have entered
for buy at these demand zones, at these higher lows, right? You can target this weak swing highs because
this is where price is most likely going to gravitate towards and it's going to end up breaking past it
and create another higher high and higher low, right? So this is one part of it. Another part of it is
if you look towards your left, after price actually create that break of structure, right? Before
price starts putting back, you can also look for some buying opportunity right here during this push
phase. Now during this push phase, obviously price will not just go up in a straight line like this,
you'll mostly do something like this. Go up, go up, go up, tum, tum, tum, tum, tum, then come out to
our supply zone and start putting back. So within this push phase, with this minor correction,
this minor little pullback, right? You can actually look for a buy position, right? But bear in mind,
like I said, it's a very different setup if you are entering for this buy position compared to
this buy position because this is fresh, right? This is just fresh out of oven, price has just
finished pulling back and right now price is turning bullish to facilitate the higher time frame
order flow. But over here, after price created that break of structure, it's most likely going to
start pulling back soon. So if you enter for a buy right here, bear in mind that you have to be fast
in terms of taking profit, right? You have to get in and get out of fast because you never ever know
when price will start pulling back, when the higher time frame order flow will come up to some sort of
unmitigated supply zone and start pulling back. So be careful. And like I said, last thing is this
area, right? This phase of the market, this is where you are able to get the most highest probability
trade setups because these are the phases where the internal structure, right? The lower time frame
trend is bullish. The medium time frame trend is bullish. The higher time frame trend, higher time frame
order flow is also bullish. So you can see everything just align itself like clockwork maybe. So this is
really when you can be more confident in terms of the trades that you are taking within these phases.
So the next phase is the counter swing plus counter internal phase. This phase is a little bit
trickier because this is where we are going against the higher time frame order flow and the lower time
frame order flow and the medium time frame order flow, right? We are going against the trend. We are going
against the current of the wave in the ocean, right? But this is also where you are able to capture
those high risk reward ratio trade setups, right? You can enter for or sell here and then you can
target all the way down here at this demand zone. But the difficulty comes when you are trying to
predict the top of the market because it's very, very difficult for you to actually predict the top
of the market, right? You never ever know when price will start pushing even higher before it starts
pulling back, right? And sure, this higher time frame point of interest gives you the extra
confluence, but there's always a chance that it's going to pierce past it before it starts pulling
back. So this is where you want to look for reversal setups, all right? So ideally, like I said,
after price created the break of structure, we are anticipating price to start pulling back,
okay? So knowing that, where is price going to pull back? It's going to pull back at some sort of
unmitigated supply zone. So the minute price actually reached that unmitigated supply zone,
I wouldn't actually recommend you to actually enter for or sell immediately because like I said,
price can always just pierce past it. So what you can do in this case is to wait for your market
shift to happen, to wait for that shift of structure to confirm to you that price is turning
bearish to facilitate that pull back, right? And you will only get that after price create that market
shift, right? It gives you the extra confirmation. So I wouldn't recommend you to actually enter for
or sell here immediately. Once again, you can do whatever you want, right? If you want to get that
sniper entry, you can actually enter here immediately. But like I said, always wait for
the extra confluence and please don't enter immediately if you are a beginner who is not
consistently profitable yet whatsoever. Now, when price create a market shift, give up that shift
of structure, we have a confirmation that price has officially turned bearish. Now that price turned
bearish, when price actually created this market shift, what happened? There was a demand zone right
here. Price comes down to this demand zone, created a failed reaction right here. Now, when it created
this failed reaction, right? It created a flip zone that we have right here, right? So if this demand
zone were to do its job, price were just going to go up even higher. But no, it created a failed
reaction, created a lower high right here, giving us our demand to supply flip zone. Now we got our
demand to supply flip zone right there. So that is when we can move on to phase three. Phase three is
when you want to look for short-term selling opportunity to write the pullback. Because right now,
we know that price is turning bearish to facilitate that pullback. So we can actually capitalize on this
fact and actually look for sell position and all these highs right here, all these lower highs
being formed right here. So your job, your objective for this phase is to just play that pullback,
right? Or like I said, if the higher timeframe permits, this can even be a reversal, right? This
can even be a reversal and price will just go down and crash all the way down and just breaking past the
strong low. If not, then price is most likely going to pull back to the demand zone that is at the
strong low, where demand will step back into the market and push price up again. So within this
phase, like I said, you are looking for quick trades, very, very fast trade, get in and out fast,
right? So short-term selling opportunity, you can sell here at this flip zone and then price goes
down, create another lower high or flip zone, whatever, you can look for another sell position
here. And bear in mind, this is very, very important. When you actually put on your premium and
discount matrix, you realize that above this 50% level, this is where price is at premium pricing.
So this is where it's optimum for you to actually enter for a sell if you are trading the pullback.
And then once price actually get into the discount zone, it's a whole different story because this
is when price could potentially start reversing and go up now, right? Because price is within the
discount range and this is where there's going to be some sort of demand, right? So bear in mind,
that is a very different story to actually sell here compared to selling, say, right here, right?
Because right here, price has already created a market shift, price has already turned bullish,
the internal structure is already bullish, so it doesn't make sense for you to actually enter for
a sell right here where the internal structure and the swing structure is both bullish, right?
So bear in mind, when it comes to this, be careful, okay? Look for short-term selling opportunity.
Like I said, short-term, keyword here is short-term. If you want to enter for a sell here,
take profit at this low right here, enter for a sell here, take profit at this low, right? In and
up. And then last but not least, my favorite phase to trade is the pro swing plus counter
internal phase. This is where you are able to get those high risk to drop ratio trades and it's
actually high probability compared to this one, which is low probability, right? Because this is when
you got that swing structure, which is bullish, the internal structure is bearish, but then it is
shifting to bullish. So this is basically the start of this continuation phase. So if you are able to
get in right here for a buy, guess what? You can capitalize on such a huge move right here because
price is most likely going to go up to the weak high that we have right here. So this is where you
are anticipating the end of the swing pullback, right? So this is price pulling back, okay? Price
is pulling back and it's going to pull back to where? Like I said, some sort of demand zone at
the last strong low, right? So the minute price actually get here to this zone. This is when you
can actually look for that reverser, right? Your reverser setups. And how you do that is to wait for,
once again, your market shift to give you a confirmation. There's a shift of structure. This
pullback is done. The bears are out. Demand has officially stepped back into the market and take
control. And then price is going to turn bullish. And then I'll personally enter after that market
shift happens. I get some sort of liquidity sweep. And then I just wait for price to get to my point
of interest being created right here. Either a flip zone or an order block or an extreme point of
interest. Bam! Get my entry and I trade it all the way up here, right? And yeah, this is basically
how you actually trade the markets. So just to show you this strategy actually works. I'm actually up
like 5k using this strategy, right? This is just proof that I'm not just sitting over here and just
yapping to you guys about a strategy that haven't been proven whatsoever. Like I said, this actually
works, right? And yeah, you can pretty much see that this is actually the trade that I actually
entered on using this mechanical trading strategy. And right now, this is the result, right? Making about
5k right now. So I'm just going to explain the top process about this trade and how to actually
apply this market phases thing towards that trade, right? And like I said, knowledge is absolutely
useless if you don't apply it into the market. So let's look at the market and let's try to apply
the different market phases. So first of all, right, the first phase is right here. After price
created a break of structure, you know, price is bullish. And this is when you can look for,
like I said, your short-term buying opportunity because, you know, price is going to start
putting back soon and you don't want to get caught in the pullback. So you can actually enter for a buy
here, right? There's a demand zone being formed right here. You can easily enter for a buy here
or another buy at this area here. But in the minute price actually get up to that
unmediculate supply zone, you shouldn't be looking for buy whatsoever. So if you enter for a buy right
here, guess what? Your take profit will be at this supply zone, right? Very in and out fast.
And then also here as well, right, which I'm going to discuss later. And then next price actually get
up to that supply zone. If you look towards your left, right? What do we have here? Supply zone,
right? Supply zone. This is where smart money have entered in the past, right? There's a lot of
supply step into the market and push price down. So yeah, this is where phase two actually happened,
right? Surprise step back into the market, take control and price started turning bearish to once
again facilitate that swing structural pullback, right? So over here, we got that market shift
happened right here after price actually broke through this last low right here, right? Market shift,
right? And then over here, there's a little bit of fit reaction before price goes down even
lower creating your lower high and lower low, right? Lower high, lower low. And then in this
case, you can actually drop your medium time frame supply zone right here. So if you want to enter for
a sell right here, that'll be phase three, right? Where you are trading counter swing and pro internal.
And this is when you can easily look for some selling opportunity right here. And bear in mind,
if you want to enter for a sell here, I will actually recommend you to take quick targets once
again. And where you should be targeting is at this swing low right here, right? So this last swing
low, right? Right here or here. Or if you want to swing for the fences, right? What you can even do
is to just target this strong low that we have right here, right? This would be a very good setup as
well. But it won't be the most highest probability because if you look towards the left, what do we have
right here? That is a demand zone right here. So there's always a chance that price will get down to
this demand zone, right? Get down to this demand zone and price will just continue and going up
like this, right? So that is why I will ask you if you are looking for short-term selling opportunity
right here, right? You are trading phase three, be conservative with your take profit and just take
profit at the next low, right? And eventually price comes down, right? Come back down to our strong low
that we have right here. And what do we have? If you look towards your left, this is your order block
or demand zone, right? You can see this is actually an order block. If you want to refine it to this
candle right here, that would be your order block. And now over here, we got a little bit of liquidity
being swept as well, right? Where there's liquidity being built up below these lows, price swept the
available liquidity and bam, that is where demand step back into the market and push price up. So this is a
very strong demand zone. This is a very valid point of interest. So we can definitely depend on it
because there was imbalance, there was lots of demand, lots of buying momentum and price has also
swept available liquidity at this strong low, right? So this is when we can look for your phase four
trades, right? This is where you can anticipate that this pullback could potentially end. And right
now price is about to turn bullish to be aligned with my higher timeframe order flow, which is bullish.
So I can actually enter for a buy somewhere right around here. And then this is where I will be
targeting where my weak swing high, right? Which is all the way up here, right? So yeah, that is
basically how you actually do it. And then later on, price goes up, creating that. What do we have
right here? This is actually your market shift, right? This is the last lower high. And over here,
we got that market shift happen. Just get rid of this. Got a market shift happen right here.
And after market shift, price pull back. And if you notice, what do we have here as well? There's a
supply zone right here. Okay, supply zone. And then it created a failed reaction right here. So
there's actually a flip zone right here, right? So there's actually a flip zone right here. This is
where you can actually look for your entry, right? So first of all, after price created a market shift
and price starts pulling back, this could be your first point of entry, right? Somewhere around here,
you probably get the lower timeframe market shift. You could have entered right here. If not, your second
point of entry would have been somewhere right around here, right? Started pulling back to some sort of
demand zone that we have right here. And this could be your second point of entry. And if you miss
this setup and this setup, guess what? You're waiting for price to pull back. And where is it
going to pull back? It's going to pull back to this flip zone that haven't been mitigated yet,
right? And that is when price come down to this flip zone. This could have been your third point of
entry, right? And yeah, that's basically how the different market phases work. And just to quickly
explain the trade that I'm in right now, I actually entered during phase four and phase one,
right? So this was my first setup. So immediately after price actually created that market shift on
the lower timeframe, bear in mind, this was on like the one minute timeframe, right? And then price
come down to my swing low, right? My valid point of interest, that swept liquidity, my strong order
block, right? So price comes down here. That is when I waited for that market shift, waited for liquidity
to be swept, right? Got all my confluence. Then I entered for my first trade right here, right? So I was
actually looking for my second opportunity, but I didn't get any because price was just going up and
there was no valid point of interest being created until price actually come up to this
supply zone, created a failed reaction like I mentioned just now, creating a flip zone and bam,
I'm just waiting for price to come back down to this flip zone, right? And then eventually price
keep on going up, keep on going up. And then right now price has officially pulled back, tapped into that
flip zone. That is where I look for my second position, right? So this is where I actually entered
for my second trade. So that is why if you look at the Meta Trader 4, I have two trades in place,
running to my overall take profit, which is all the way up here at this little order block right
here, right? So yeah, that's basically how I actually trade. Now bear in mind that whatever I just
explained to you, this is obviously not the complete mechanical trading plan that our students have
because I can't be giving away everything, right? I will give you as much as I can, but we need to keep
some for the students, right? Keep some sauce for the students, right? So if you are interested in
the complete mechanical trading plan that has allowed Alia to actually make 25k, Samuddin to
make 10k and countless of our students to pass funding challenges and actually bank consistent
profits, go and click the first link in the description. And from the bottom of my heart,
I genuinely hope that this video has allowed you to gain extreme clarity and confidence when you are
trading the financial markets. So if you want to learn more about this strategy, you can check out
this video right here. And as always, remember, you're just one trade away. Like this video if you enjoyed it, buddy.
