Here's everything you need to know about supply and demand zones in order to make consistent
profits in the market. In this complete course, you will learn what are supply and demand zones,
how are supply and demand zones being created, how to draw supply and demand zones, how to identify
high property zones and my proven supply and demand trading strategy. Now if you truly want
to master supply and demand trading, make sure you don't skip around and also make sure you
rewatch this lesson over and over again until you gain a deep understanding of the concepts being
thoughts before trying it out yourself. Now before you learn what are supply and demand zones, you need
to understand what is a range or consolidation. Ranging markets occurs when price is not trending
and actively creating higher highs and higher lows or lower highs and lower lows. It's just going
sideways just like this. In arranging market, price is essentially just moving sideways, oscillating
from premium to discount and actively trying to seek fair value at the equilibrium. When price is
within the premium zone, the asset is too expensive. So as a result, there will be supply driving price
down. When price is within the discount zone, the asset is too cheap, which means there will be demand
driving price up. Eventually the market will break out of this consolidation either to the upside or
the downside. What you need to understand is that it requires a lot of money in order for price to break
out of this range. Brokey retail traders like us are not able to move the markets no matter how hard we
try. Even if you are trading with like a few million dollars. Now the question becomes who is actually capable of
moving the markets and cause price to break out of this range? Obviously the big boys, the banks, the financial
institutions, the hedge funds. Therefore, when price breaks out of a range just like this, this indicates that smart money
have entered into the market and is causing a significant imbalance between supply and demand.
So when price breaks out of the consolidation, it usually comes back and retest it to fill up the
remaining orders before continuing. This is based on the concept of order flow, which is split into four
stages range, initiation, mitigation and continuation. Therefore, a supply zone is being created after price
aggressively move out of the consolidation to the downside. So your job is to wait for price to come
back and mitigate this supply zone to fill up the remaining sell orders. And this is when you enter for a
sell in order to trade the continuation in price. On the other hand, demand zone is being created after
price aggressively move out of the consolidation to the upside. So your job once again is to wait for
price to come back down here to mitigate the remaining buy orders and trade the continuation.
That is when you enter for a buy. Now that you have understood the basics, what are supply and demand
zones and how are they created? Let's talk about how to draw them on the charts itself.
Now before we go on to the charts, I just want to give you a very quick tip on how to actually spot this supply
and demand zones. And that is to look for imbalance in price. Remember, what we are doing is that we want
to see price breaking out of the consolidation. We want to see price move from balance to imbalance, which indicates
that smart money has entered into the market. This means that when you are trying to spot supply and
demand zones, you just need to identify one of these four scenarios you can see on the screen right here.
When you are trying to spot your supply zone, you just need to see price aggressively moving down
and then it stops a little bit, consolidate here a little bit before going down even further. And you can
see price broke out of the consolidation to the downside. So this is pretty much your supply zone.
Now you must understand the rationale behind this. Why does price actually stop? It's like a car,
right? A car cannot run forever when it's on its way to its destination. Price will never just
aggressively move down or up forever. At some point of time, it will stop and consolidate just like this
so that more sellers or buyers can jump into the market and push price down even further. Now another
type of supply zone is being created when there is a reversal in price. You can see price move up,
consolidate and then breaks out of the consolidation once again to the downside, right? Causing a
reversal in price which tell us that this is our supply zone, right? The opposite is true for your
demand zones. Price push up, pause a little bit, consolidate before going up even further, demand
zone and then price move down, consolidate before going up, demand zone, right? So I just want to keep
things very simple as I've always done on this YouTube channel, right? Don't try to overcomplicate
things. Just look for one of these four scenarios when you are trying to identify your supply and
demand zone. Because at the end of the day, the market can actually move in three ways. Up, down,
sideways. It cannot do like triangle or backflips, alright? Now when it comes to drawing your supply and
demand zones, there are two main ways to actually do it. The first way is the range method which basically
states that you need to mark up the entire consolidation that price has just broken out of.
So in this case, right here, you can see price is consolidating and then price break to the downside.
So we know that somewhere around here, that is your supply zone. Now, we basically find the
consolidation which is this entire mess right here and you draw a box from the highest point to the
lowest point of the consolidation and you simply drag it out just like this, right? Just mark up this
entire consolidation just like that. In this case, this is our supply zone. So right now,
we know that price has just broken out of this supply zone. This means that there is some remaining
sell orders yet to be filled within this entire supply zone. So we can expect price to actually
come back up to mitigate this supply zone over the next week or so before going down even further.
And this is when we can look for a sell position. Just to show you more examples on the range method,
you can see right here, price is consolidating and then it breaks to the upside, which means that
is your demand zone right here. So we will drag it from the bottom of this entire consolidation
to the highest point of this entire consolidation and we will mark up our demand zone right there,
right? Once again, you want to ensure that you really include the low and the high of the entire
consolidation. So in this case, this is the high of the entire consolidation. So I'll just mark it up
just like this. So you can see this is the demand zone and look at what price did, right? Price broke
out of the demand zone to the upside and then later on, it came down here and mitigate this demand
zone before going up even further. Once again, to activate or whether to fill up the remaining buy
orders before going up. And then you can basically see more supply zones right here. You can see mark up
this entire consolidation right here. This is your supply zone right there, right? Price broke out to the
downside and then look at what price did. Price came back up, mitigate the remaining sell orders
before going down even further. So this is your supply zone and then there is also another supply
zone right here, right? Which caused price to actually go down to the downside. Okay, so you
have learned the first method to draw your supply and demand zones and that is your range method. The
second method is what I call the pivot method. Now the pivot method requires you to actually refine your
supply and demand zones to a single candle before the breakout itself. Now, hear me out. If we want
to actually utilize a range method, let's say we are waiting for price to come back up here to mitigate
this supply zone and we enter for our sell right here. You can see it's a very large range, right? You
have to place your stock loss above the supply zone, very large range to play with. So in this case,
we want to actually refine the supply zone so that we can have much better entries by using the
pivot method. And the pivot method basically requires you to refine this entire zone to just
a single candle. So in this case, it will be this candle right here. Now, hear me out. If we were to
actually utilize the range method, what this means is that we are waiting for price to come back up to
this range and then we will enter for a sell maybe somewhere right around here. But here's the thing,
if you actually enter for a sell right here, your stop loss will be above the supply zone and as a result,
you will have such a wide stop loss because you have a very bad entry. So in order for us to get
better entries, right, to minimize our risk, we need to refine our supply and demand zones. And that is
when the second method, the pivot method comes in. The pivot method allows us to actually refine our
supply zone further, right? Instead of taking this entire consolidation, we look for the pivot candle that
causes price to actually reverse or break out of this entire range, which will be this candle right
here. You can see after this candle is formed, supply step into the market and cause price to move down
aggressively to the downside. Now that we have refined our supply zone, you can see our entries is much
better, right? As a result, this gives us a high risk reward when we are trading. So let's just quickly
refine this supply and demand zones that we have drawn on the charts. You can see I'll just utilize
this entire box and minimize it to just this pivot candle itself or even this one right here. And this
is pretty much your entire supply zone. You can see price step into the supply zone and then move down
even further. Same thing to this supply zone. It can be just refined to this candle right here that led
to this huge amount of supply stepping to the market itself, right? Some people like to call this
order block, but at the end of the day, it's pretty much quite similar. Now over here, what we have was
this demand zone. Once again, how do you refine this? You can just refine it to the pivot candle
that led to the break out itself. So this pretty much becomes the refined pivot zone. And then I can
also spot another demand zones right here. You can see what happens is that price goes up,
start to consolidate here a little bit before demand step into the market and push price up,
right? So as a result, we can draw another demand zone right here at this pivot candle. And you can
see there is more demand zone here as well, right? Price goes up, consolidate, go sideways a little
bit before demand step into the market and push price up. So there we have our another demand zone
right there. And we can refine it to either this pivot candle or use the first method, which requires
you to take the entire range just like this. So yeah, those are the two methods to actually draw your
supply and demand zones, the range method and the pivot method. And if you want to use the pivot
method, there is a caveat to this. The more refined your zones are, the greater your risk reward. But
that also means there is a greater chance of you missing your trade entry. So for example, we have a
refined pivot zone right here. But what happens is that price did not actually come down and tap into
this pivot zone, right? You can see price just came down here and it just moved up. And in this case,
you would have missed your trade entry because price has not mitigated your demand zone, right?
So that is just something that you need to take note of compared to if you were to just mark out
this entire range in the first place, you would have been tapped into the trade itself. So my advice
would be choose what works for you, whether the range method or the pivot method, and then stick to
it consistently. Don't use the range method sometimes and the pivot method sometimes. Once you have
choose one that works for you, stick to it. We only want to trade high probability supply and demand
zones. Because supply and demand zones, they are everywhere. Because there's like a constant battle
between the bulls and bears every single day. If not, price will just be oscillating at fair value
and just not going anywhere, just going sideways. However, if you have followed the structure that I just
taught you, you will be able to identify and spot supply and demand zones everywhere. But that does
not mean that you should trade every single one of those zones. Because we only want to trade high
probability supply and demand zones that are actually backed by financial institutions and smart money
itself. So in order for a supply and demand zone to be considered as high probability, it has to meet the
following requirements. Firstly, it must lead to a break of structure, right? We know that price will
not just move up or down in a straight line. Price move up, pull back before going up even further. And when
it break the last high in this case, it give us a break of structure, which tell us that this demand zone
led to this break of structure, making a higher probability zone. Same thing right here. In this case, price does not move down
straight, it move down, pull back a little bit before more sellers come into the market, more supply come
to the market and push price down even further, creating your break of structure, making this a very
solid supply zone. That's the first criteria. The second criteria is that the zone must cause other zones
to fail. This is what we call flip zones. What happened right here is that when price is going down,
it pulls back and then it goes down even further, creating your bearish break of structure,
giving us a supply zone right here. So what happens next is that price actually
wrecked from this supply zone, coming down here, and then it went all the way up here, breaking past
the last high, the last strong high, right? Which tell us that prices officially shifted from bearish
to bullish. And guess what created this? A demand zone right here. This demand zone led to price breaking
past the last high. So this zone caused this supply zone to fail. And this is what we call a flip zone,
right? I've already done like a full video on flip zones, which you can find on my channel,
right? But that's basically a very quick crash course on flip zones. Flip zones are being created
after there is a failed reaction just like this. Once again, if this supply zone were to do its job,
price will go down even further. But it failed to do its job, creating the failed reaction,
just like this, causing supply to flip to demand, right? And that tells us that this demand zone is a
high property zone because it caused supply to flip to demand. Now, these are the additional
confirmations that will actually increase the probability of a zone working. Your market
structure, your multi-time frame concepts, your premium and discount, your mitigation, whether
the zone is fresh or is it mitigated already, and also liquidity and order flow. Once again,
I've already done like a full course on liquidity, order flow, multi-time frame and market structure,
all this stuff, which is on my YouTube channel. And you can find them all for free. Now,
you must understand that the more confluences that we have, the more confirmation that we have right
here, the more boxes this particular supply and demand zone checks off, the higher the probability
of the zone working, which means the higher the chance of price actually respecting that zone itself.
Now that you have understood the basics of supply and demand, it is time for me to show you
everything about my proven trading strategy. I'm going to leave no stones unturned whatsoever.
Just going to give you guys the secret sauce for free. All right. So what happens right here is that
first things first, you have to identify the market direction, right? So we have price moving up,
pullback and then goes up even further, right? So this tells us that price is in the uptrend,
right? We got a bullish break of structure to the upside right here. All right. So this is your
break of structure right there. So I'll mark that up as well. So after a break of structure,
what are we expecting price to do? We're expecting price to pull back. And where is price going to
pull back to? Most likely to a demand zone so that more buyers can step into the market and push price
up even further. So in this case, let's mark up our demand zones, right? So we know that, okay,
there is a demand zone right here because price goes up, started consolidating before going up even
further. So if you want to use the range method, you can mark up the entire consolidation
from the high to the low of the entire consolidation, just like this, and then just drag it up like that.
And then I'll drag it all the way to the left hand side. So this is the range method, but I
personally prefer to use the pivot method so that I can get a much more refined entry. So in that case,
I'll most likely refine it to just this pivot candle right here. Okay, cool. So right now,
we got this demand zone that led to this break of structure, right? So this is considered as a
high profit zone. And if you look towards the left hand side, what do we have right here? We got a lot
of supply right here. You can see a lot of supply. And if we drag this to the left hand side, what do
we have right here? This supply zone cause this demand zone to flip, right? We got a failed reaction
right here. Because if this supply zone were to do its job, price will react to this supply zone
and then fill up the remaining sell orders and cause price to go down even further. But it failed to do
that. Price created a failed reaction right here, giving us a demand zone that caused this supply
zone to fail, right? So this pretty much check off the two criteria that we just mentioned. It led to
a break of structure and it also caused your supply zone to fail, right? So right now, our job is to
just wait for price to come back to this demand zone, right? Because right now we are expecting price to
pull back to this area right here. And then that is when we can enter for a buy position, right? So in this
case, you just do nothing until price eventually come back into this demand zone. Ladies and gents,
this is your entry signal. This is where I will actually enter for a buy right here. As you can see,
it didn't just mitigate this demand zone. It also swept the available liquidity that we have below
this lows right here. Once again, if you don't understand liquidity, you can just go and watch the
liquidity concepts cause. Yeah. But this gives us an additional confluence that tell us that price is
most likely going to respect this demand zone because it has also swept the liquidity over here,
which tell us that price is potentially going to move up right now. Smart money is going to come in
and push price up. And in this case, I'll place my stop loss below this candlestick wick right here.
And then for my take profit, I'll just place my take profit right here at this supply zone that we
have right here. You can see there's a huge amount of supply that step into the market and cause price
to come all the way down there, right? So you can see this is a good 1 to 3.5, which is what? And let's just
see how price plays out. You can see ends up hitting or take profit as simple as that. And then we'll
move on to the next trade, right? So now I will just delete this one right here because this zone
has been used and I can mark up my fresh demand zone right here. And you can see this is my pivot
demand zone because what happened is that a lot of demand step into the market at this point of time
and we can track the source of it, right? The source is basically this pivot candle right here that
cost price to create this V shape reaction, right? Which tell us that demand step into the market,
smart money entered for a large amount of buy orders. So we know that there is going to be
remaining buy orders yet to be filled within this area right here. So we can expect that price could
potentially come down here, tap into this demand zone before going up even further. So I actually
want to enter for a buy here again, right? Once price actually come back down to my demand zone and I'll
place my stop loss once again below this demand zone right here and perhaps target like the next area
right here. But you can see it's still quite far away from where price is at right now. So what
we can potentially do is to look for short positions at this supply zone right here. You can see price
just blow right past this supply zone, but look at this long week that price actually created.
You could potentially draw more like pivot supply zone right here. If you go down to the 15 minute
time frame, you can see right here, this entire thing is actually our pivot supply zone, right? Because
at this point of time, lots of supplies step into the market and cause price to come crashing down.
So we just marked that up as our supply zone. And this is when you can look for your sell
opportunity as well. If I were to actually enter for a sell like somewhere right around here,
guess what? I will place my take profit at this demand zone right here. And you can see in the end,
price just comes crashing down a little bit slowly, but consolidate a little bit, but surely you can see
right there. Yeah, man, you can see eventually price come down there and smash our take profit. That was
another very easy sell position. Basically you sell at supplier and you buy at demand. And obviously you
need to look for additional confluence like your liquidity and also your market structure, so on and
so forth. But this is just a very simple trading strategy that you can try out. Cool. Now that we
have gotten out of the sell position and we are tapped into our buy position right here. Remember,
we ended up for a buy at this demand zone right here. We are tapped into it, place our stop loss
below this take profit. And now where should your take profit be at? At this opposing supply zone that
we have right here. Like this entire range. Once again, you can mark this entire range up just like
this, or you can just refine it to the pivot candle, which would be this one right here. Right?
So I'll just mark it up just like this. Right? So this would be a very fast trade setup,
if I'm not wrong. Right there. You can see as simple as that. Boom, boom, boom. We just won three
trades in a row. Right? So yeah, this is a very simple trading strategy. Just try to sell at supply,
buy at demand. So after we close this trade next, we are looking for our next trading opportunity.
So what I can do is to just clear up all the charts, right? Clear all these supply and demand
zones that has already been used, have already been mitigated whatsoever and mark up your fresh zones.
So you can see right here, price push up, pull back around here, starts consolidating before demand
step into the market and push price up. Right? So this entire thing will be your demand zone.
And then right now we had our supply zone right here, but you can see it has been mitigated,
which means price is most likely just going to blow right past it, which you can see right here,
just completely disregarded whatsoever. Because once again, price has already mitigated
the remaining sell orders right here. So now let's just look at what price does. Right?
Price start consolidating. Okay, right there. You can see sharp move to the downside. Right?
Price was consolidating. Supply step to the market and push price down. So we can mark this entire
supply range up once again. Right? So this will be your supply zone. Right? This is the range method.
And then the pivot method would be you refining it to this pivot candle right here. Okay, cool. So
remember our demand zone that we have marked up right here. You could potentially look for long
positions right here. Right? Place your stop loss below this demand zone and place your take profit
at this little zone that we have right here. Now, before I miss it out, right, you can see there's
actually another demand zone right here. Right here. Price goes up, pulls back, and then goes up even
further. Demand step to the market and push price up. Right? So this is also another demand zone.
So let's just mark that up as our next demand zone. Once again, how do we know which zone
is price gonna respect? Is price gonna respect this one or this one? The truth is, I don't know.
Right? I don't have a crystal ball to tell me exactly which zone price is gonna go. I'm not a
fortune teller or a mind reader. All right? I don't have telepathy or some shit. Right? So you just have
to understand that you need to react to what the market does. If the market wants to go up at this
area, then enter at this zone. If the market wants to go up at this zone, then enter at this zone.
Right? React to the market. Be flexible. Be like Wattle, my friend. So in this case,
let's continue to observe what price does. Right? You can see price consolidate here a
little bit. And then it seems like this demand zone is actually getting respected. Right?
Because if price wanted to come down to this extreme demand zone, it would just break right
past it and comes down here, tap into the demand zone, and then goes up. In this case, it seems
like this demand zone is being respected. So yup, you can enter for a buy here if you want. Yup.
You can see eventually price goes up and potentially hit this supply zone. Boom. There we have it.
You can see very easy setup. You can easily enter for a buy right here. But for me,
I'm just going to wait to actually enter for a sell at this supply zone. Right? So I'll just
place a sell order right here. Right? Actually, I would have been already tapped in right here.
But let's say I did not got tapped in the first time round. Right? So I'm looking for my next entry
the second time round right here. So I can see there's a new supply zone being formed right here. Right?
So in this case, you can either enter at this extreme supply zone, which I will advise you to do so,
or you can actually enter at this near zone. But the thing about this extreme zone is that
it has been mitigated right here, which means the sell orders that has already been filled. Right?
The remaining sell orders right here. But this does not mean that price will not come up here again.
Price could potentially come up here again and then go now even further, because there could
potentially still be like, what? One quarter of sell orders left within this supply zone. Right?
So we always react to what the market does. Right? So let's see. You can see price
step into this extreme supply zone, supply sent into the market, easily enter for your sell position
right here. Place your stop loss above the supply zone. And this time round, you can target this
near demand zone that we have right here. So it will be this demand zone right here.
You can see because this is the pivot candle that led to demand stepped into the market and causing
price to move up. Right? So yeah, once again, this will be a very, very easy trade set up.
We can see price in the end, come down here, tap into our demand zone and we got out of the trade.
Right? So very simple. Always place your stop loss above a supply zone or below a demand zone.
If you're entering for a buy position and then place your take profit at the opposing zone.
So if you're entering for a sell at a supply zone, place your take profit at the next demand zone.
And if you're entering for a buy at a demand zone, place your take profit at the nearest supply zone.
As simple as that. And you can see price actually end up coming down to our extreme demand zone
right here before price could potentially completely bypass it. Right? So you can see this was
a very good shop position right there. And this is why it is so important for you guys to not just
understand supply and demand, but also understand market structure. Because when you understand market
structure, you will know exactly why the supply and demand zone actually failed. It's because at this
point of time, supply has took control of the market. The sellers are winning. So it's very
important for you to really combine market structure and supply and demand. If you have enjoyed this full
course and you want to learn more on how to go from a retail trader into professional trader and master
trading within the next six to 12 months, join us here at the 1% Club. Now, I don't sell trading
signals that make you dependent on others or complicated strategies that you can't execute on
your own. What I do here is simple. I show you how to trade profitably using our proven mechanic trading
system that has already helped over 1,300 plus students achieve incredible results. Now, I will never
leave you hanging to figure things out on your own. I will literally hold you by your hand every step of
the way and guide you to make consistent profits while being supported by a community of like-minded traders
who are as committed as you are. Now, with the help of our proven system, you can turn a small amount of money like
$500 into thousands or make your first $10,000 per month trading or even become a six-figure funded
traders just like many of our students like Mustafa who turned $200 into $120,000 in funding in just
three months or Alia who went from $0 to making 25.6k per month in just two months or even Samuddin
who made his first $10,000 per month trading in just one month of joining us and many more. Now,
there's limited spots left. So if you want to join us, just click the first link in the description.
Now, I hope you have enjoyed this full trading course as much as I did while making this video.
The next video is going to be incredible. It's going to be so packed with value. It's literally crazy
that I'm giving so much information for free. So in the next lesson, you will learn about the trading
strategy that the top 1% use so that you can trade profitably just like the top 1% rather than
succumbing to the fate of the bottom 99% who lose 90% of their money within the first 90 days of
trading. My goal here is to transform you from a retail trader into a professional trader who can
actually trade profitably within the next 12 months or so. Click this video right here if you want to learn
more about liquidity concepts. And as always, remember, you're just one trade away.
