Price action trading didn't click for me for years.
Not because it's hard, but because nobody explained it in the right order.
My name is Brad Goh and I've been trading for nearly 7 years.
And this year alone, I've already crossed over $1.7 million in trading broth bits.
Every single trade documented live on my second channel, Brad Trades.
In addition to that, I've also helped hundreds of traders became 6-figure funded traders
inside my mentorship program, The 1% Club.
And I'm also the founder of Edgeflow, the trading super app that is built for discipline and consistency.
So quite simply put, in English, I don't want your money.
I don't need your money.
I want you to become a better trader.
Now that you know who I am, let's jump into the 3 steps that finally made price action
simple and profitable for me.
Now, when I started trading, I'm just like you.
You know, I watch a bunch of YouTube videos about price action trading.
And I saw these gurus drawing a thousand different lines on their charts.
Or they asked us to memorize a bunch of candlestick patterns, like the freaking engulfing patterns,
the pin bar patterns.
And first of all, it's too overwhelming.
Second of all, I could identify the pin bar candle, but I realized I still lose money even
though I was following the candle to a T, right?
So what I've realized over time is that most traders don't lose because they can't read
candlestick, they lose because they are reading them with zero context, which means that if
you don't understand the big picture on why price moved the way it moved, it doesn't matter
whether you have the perfect setup or the perfect candlestick pattern, your strategy will still
fail.
And nowadays, everybody's out here teaching price action life.
It's a freaking dictionary.
But the market doesn't move like that.
It moves like a story, which also means that if you skip to the last page of the book, nothing
will make sense.
Because once again, you are trading without context.
When you don't understand the reality of the market itself, you're just trading your perception
of the market.
So that is when I stopped chasing random candlestick or chart patterns and I reduced everything
to just three simple steps, which I'm going to show you right now.
If you follow these three steps in order, I triple guarantee that price action trading
will become extremely boring, methodical, systematic, mechanical, but you'll be extremely
profitable as well.
Because profitability in trading comes from doing the boring, repetitive tasks for an
extended period of time.
So these are basically the three steps that I want you to be following.
Direction, location, and execution.
Let's go through step by step.
The first step is direction.
The first thing you always want to be doing is to identify the overall trend direction
of the market.
And at this stage, the only question you should be asking yourself is who is in control of
price?
Buyers or sellers?
Because if it's buyers, then I want to be looking for longs.
If it's sellers, I want to be looking for shorts.
So you always do this on the higher time frame, right?
So this is where I usually go on to the 4-hour time frame and I try to identify the trend
direction.
So looking at this price action right here, it's very obvious that price has went up
significantly for quite some time now.
So obviously, the market is in an uptrend, right?
But then what happens is that price actually pull back, goes up, pulls back, goes up.
And then right now, this is where we are at.
So the first thing is for the trend direction.
And we have established that price is actually bullish right now.
And this is our most recent bullish break of structure.
Now, we always want to make sure that we map out the most recent bullish break of structure
or bearish break of structure because we want to define our swing range.
So right now, you can see this is the swing low because it's the lowest point that led
to this break of structure.
And then this is a swing high since this is the highest point since price starts pulling
back.
So as a result, I can define my 4-hour swing range just like this.
And once again, the reason why we actually define our swing range is so that we can
further narrow our focus, time and resources into a tight range, right?
Because early on, when you are looking at this, you don't know what's going on and you
don't know whether to buy here or sell here or buy here or sell here.
But when you just map out a swing range, it becomes crystal clear that this is the range
that you want to be trading within, which means anything outside of this swing range is
simply noise.
It's simply a distraction because it doesn't allow you to formulate your bias.
And that's it, right?
Step one is pretty much done, right?
You just identify the direction which is bullish.
And we know that we want to enter for longs because we want to trade in alignment with the
higher timeframe trend direction.
The next step is location.
Now that you know whether you want to buy or sell, the next thing you should be asking
yourself is where, where do I buy?
Where do I sell?
And the answer to that question is going to be at a point of interest.
We don't want to be trading when price is in the middle of nowhere.
For example, right now, this is where price is at over here, right?
So if I try to enter for a sell right here, I would have to place my stop loss above this
high right here and place my take profit right here at this swing low.
And you can see, this is not an intelligent risk throughout decision, right?
Because this is you risking $10 to make back $10, which is quite simply not worth it.
Because we always want to make sure that we get the best entries possible so that we
can minimize our downside and maximize our upside.
And the only way you can do that is by trading at the best location, by trading at the best
price.
So you pretty much can establish your location by identifying your point of interest.
There's various types of point of interest.
I've already done a video covering each one of these point of interest, each type of this
point of interest.
But basically, there's your supply and demand zones, your flip zones, your order blocks,
your flip plus flip zones.
There's a bunch of different zones out there, right?
Once again, if you want to learn more about each one of these point of interest, just go
to my Market Mechanics playlist on YouTube, and you will see a very in-depth tutorial on
each one of these.
But basically, next step is to look for the location, right?
Where to buy, where to sell.
And over here, what you want to do is to identify the most obvious supply and demand zones.
Okay?
So over here, since we want to enter for a buy, we don't want to care about supply zones, right?
Because supply zones is for people who want to enter for a sell.
We want to look for demand zones.
So you always start from the extreme swing low all the way to the extreme high, right?
So over here, when I look at this, let me jump down to the one hour time frame, which
is my medium time frame, I see that this entire thing right here is the extreme low, right?
Like I can see this entire candlestick right here.
This is where what happened was that price came down, pullback, comes down, sweep liquidity
right here below this low, and then later on, it went up there and broke structure.
So this is the extreme demand zone, okay?
And then there is also another demand zone right here-ish, right?
But this one has already been broken, right?
So this is quite irrelevant, all right?
So this pretty much leaves us with like this demand zone that we have marked up right here,
which is also the extreme demand zone, okay?
And another thing that you want to do is to actually map up your premium and discount.
So this right here is the premium and discount too.
And if you want to copy the settings, I've put it on the screen itself.
You can like just take a screenshot of this or like pause this video and try to copy the
settings right here.
But basically what it does is that it allows you to understand where to enter for a sell
and where to enter for a buy or what's the best price point to do so.
So above here, this is your premium level, right?
So when price is in the premium level itself, you want to be looking for sales because price
is considered as expensive or overbought.
And then once price gets below the equilibrium level, which is the 50% level, and it comes
down to the discount area, this is where you want to start looking for loans because
this is where price is considered as cheap, considered as oversold.
Looking at this particular case itself, I pretty much mapped out my premium and discount
by dragging it from the swing low all the way up to the swing high.
And I've established that price is still in the premium pricing.
It's still considered as overbought.
So I shouldn't be entering for a buy anywhere right here, which means I'm much more better
of waiting for price to actually come down below this equilibrium level, right?
Coming into the discount range, then I start looking for loans.
And it's not a coincidence that this demand zone is actually in the discount pricing as
well.
And that pretty much just tells us the location we're going to enter for a buy, right?
That's the price point that price is most likely going to react and start reversing and
give us the next move to the upside.
Another thing is that this is also the swing low, right?
It's really the lowest point that price has to hold.
It's really the last line of defense that price has to hold in order for price to remain
bullish.
Because in a bullish structure, we are assuming that price is going to be creating higher
highs and higher lows, which means that this low cannot be lower than the previous
low.
If it becomes lower than the previous low, then the bullish market structure has broken.
And right now, we are shifting bearish.
So that's pretty much how you establish the location, right?
You look for a significant point of interest.
You map up your premium discount.
You want to make sure that you are trading below the equilibrium level if you're entering
for loans.
And the lower the point of interest is within the discount pricing, the more likely it's
going to hold.
Because once again, it's the last line of defense that price has to hold in order for
price to remain bullish.
All right, so that's pretty much the second step, right?
The reason why we want to look for the best location is because we don't want to enter
in the middle of nowhere.
Because when we try to enter in the middle of nowhere, we tend to get trades which give
us a very bad risk-to-reward ratio, right?
So that's not a good opportunity that you should be capitalizing on.
Now, basically, your job as a trader is to allocate resources, is to allocate your capital,
is to determine which trades are worth taking and which trades are not worth taking.
So in this particular case itself, like I said, when price is in the middle of nowhere, not
worth taking.
When price is at a good point of interest, is at a good price point, worth taking.
Yeah, so we always want to make sure that we focus on preserving our capital and deploying
it when we see our A-plus setups which are extremely high probability.
Which brings us to the third step, right?
But before we go to the third step, remember, price have not reached our location yet.
We want to wait very patiently for price to come down to our location.
This is where you can either set an alert right here on TradingView, right?
Set an alert at this 1.32.
So once price comes down, trigger your alert, you go onto the charts and you actually look
for your entry models, which is step three.
Or you can just wait very patiently for price to tap into that point of interest.
So right here, do nothing, do nothing, as tempting as it might be to, you know, start
entering for a buy and sell.
No, you stay calm, you do nothing, you do nothing, and you wait and wait and wait.
And then eventually, price comes down to your point of interest and your patience pays off.
Which brings us to step three.
Remember, you only go to step three, which is the execution step, once price has entered
into the point of interest.
Once price has entered into the location.
Which means that before price does this, you shouldn't be going down to the lower time
frame.
You shouldn't be looking for entries.
Okay, this trick alone will save you thousands of dollars.
It will save you from making a bunch of stupid trades, rushing into the trades early, forcing
trades when there is no opportunity, overtrading, and all the stupid amateur mistakes that you
will make if you are trading.
So right now, price has stepped into our point of interest, brings us to step three, which
is execution.
This is where you want to ask yourself when.
When to buy, when to sell.
Early on, we have established the direction, which is the what, which is buy or sell, right?
Which one, right?
Which one.
And then we have established the location, which is exactly where, right?
Like where to buy and where to sell.
And last but not least, the execution tells us when, right?
This is the timing.
When to buy, when to sell.
So once again, we can get in at the optimal price point and can have minimal downside and
maximum upside.
In English, basically means how do I make a lot of money while risking a small amount of money?
So once price has stepped into your point of interest, you jump down to your lower time
frame, which in this case, I'm going to be using the 15-minute time frame itself.
So at this point, I'm looking for a few things, right?
Because I don't just want to enter for a buy and sell randomly just because price has stepped
into my point of interest.
Because what can happen is that price can just continue crashing down just like this.
So I want to look for my confluences.
I want to look for my confirmations so that once again, I can get in at a perfect timing.
So my confluences that I'm going to be using today is these three confluences that is all
based on pure price action.
Number one, a strong rejection candle.
Number two, a break and close in the buyer's direction.
And number three, a failure to close continue against the buyers.
I'm going to explain everything, all right?
So don't worry.
Don't worry if you don't understand anything that I just mentioned right there.
Okay, so what happened right here is that price has just mitigated the point of interest,
but it did not go up.
There was insufficient liquidity, insufficient demand for the market to go up.
How do we know that?
Well, we know when price actually came down here, mitigate it, use some demand, use some buy orders
in the market to cause price to fuel all the way up here, right?
But once it actually fuel all the way up here, it continued crashing down.
Price did not broke structure.
Price did not take out this last lower high.
If price is able to take out that last lower high, then that is where we know that demand
has overpowered supply and the buyers are in control again.
So this pullback is over and right now we are most likely shifting bullish, okay?
So that's pretty much the confirmation that we need.
We need a very strong rejection candle as well, right?
And also like a break and close in the buyer's direction.
So at this point of time, what happened was that prices came all the way down here and
let's observe what price does next, okay?
Because this to me is a sign that I should be entering for the position already.
Because what happened is that price already came down here and swept liquidity.
Obviously, we are not going to cover too much about liquidity because I really want to make
sure that these three steps is as simple as humanly possible.
If you want to learn more about liquidity, how to get the optimal price points, how to get
the perfect sniper entries using liquidity, once again, check out my other videos about
liquidity.
But basically right here, there was a liquidity sweep over here.
And we also got what I call a strong rejection candle, which is either an engulfing candle or
a pin with displacement.
So an engulfing candle is something like this, right?
Where there's like a huge bullish candlestick just like this, which is much more bigger than
the previous candlestick and it's simply engulfing it.
And a pin with displacement is something like this as well, where you got like a pin bar
candlestick over here, right?
It just looks like a pin bar.
And then the next candlestick, it gives you like a huge bullish candlestick just like
this, which signaled to you that there's a lot of bullish momentum in the market itself.
So that is my first confluence, a strong rejection candle, which is either an engulfing candlestick,
pin with displacement or both.
And ideally, this case, we got both.
And then you also want a break and close in the buyer's direction.
Now, bear in mind, what's our bias right now?
Our bias right now is that we want to look for longs.
We want to actually enter for buys.
So this means that we want to look for a break and close in the bullish direction.
Do we have that yet?
Well, we did, right?
We got price pretty much breaking this previous candlestick just like this.
And then it closed above it in the bullish trend direction, just like this.
All right.
It's really just as simple as that.
You basically want to identify the bullish candlestick closing above the previous bearish
candlestick in a direction that you want to be trading in.
And the next thing is failure to continue against bias.
Now, right here, what's the bias?
The bias right now is longs, which means against bias means shorts.
So when this actually happened over here, this tell us that there is insufficient selling pressure
in the market for price to continue going down.
Because if price want to continue going down, it's going to create more bearish candlesticks
just like this and just cause price to absolutely collapse and continue going down.
But that did not happen.
What we do have is price came down, retesting this level over here on the left hand side
right here, but then there was insufficient sell orders.
There's not enough sellers in the market and that cost price has just started reversing.
So that to me is a failure to continue against the bias.
And that's pretty much all the confluences that I need, right?
So I pretty much got these three confirmations right here.
Once again, all based on pure price action, no indicators, no complicated jargon whatsoever,
just clean price action.
And this allows me to know, okay, this is the right time to enter.
This is my entry signal when I got all of these criteria being checked off in my trade plan itself.
So this is where you can easily enter for a long ride here.
You can either enter for a buy on the close of the candlestick itself,
or you can even place like a limit order like above this candlestick itself, right?
But in this case, just going to keep things simple.
Enter for a buy right here, place my stop loss below this low here,
and place my take profit at let's say like 3R, just like this.
Now, you basically want to be placing your stop loss at a price point that will invalidate your trade ideal.
So in this particular case itself, like I said,
we have established that price is reversing right now.
We are assuming that there is more buyers and the sellers in the market right now,
or it's about to reverse.
So this means that if price later on come down here and take out this low and just continue going down,
this means that our bias is wrong.
This means that our bias is wrong and we get stopped out with like a 1% loss,
all right?
Just like a small loss, just like this.
And I have like a hidden rule which says that if I cannot define my stop before I enter,
I don't take the trade.
So I always make sure I think about what could possibly go wrong, right?
And place my stop loss at that price point itself.
And then in terms of the take profit, right?
Like I said, just to keep things simple,
you just place it at three times your stop loss distance.
So you drag this position two thing all the way up to like three,
just like this until it shows three over here,
like the risk to reward ratio.
And that is where you want to take profit, right?
Once again, just to keep things simple for this video itself.
So let's see what price does next, right?
Price continue going up just like this, right?
Continue trickling up and slowly,
but surely it eventually comes up there and smash our teepee.
Really just as simple as that.
And all we did was that we use three simple timeframes,
which is the four hour for direction,
the one hour for location,
and the 15 minute for execution.
And on the 15 minute for execution,
we look for three conferences, right?
So three steps, three timeframes, three confluencers,
simple methodical strategy
that you can execute consistently for a longest time.
And that's how you get consistent results.
Now, before we look at the next trade example,
I want you to understand something.
The hard part about trading is not in spotting A plus setups.
It's in ignoring everything else.
Like right here, what you can see on the screen,
this is an obvious A plus setup because yes,
checked off every single entry criteria
and I've done sufficient preparation and analysis
by looking for my three steps
before I actually enter for the trade.
But there are going to be days
where you do the three steps
and price does not get to your desired location
or price enter into your desired location,
but it does not give you a confirmation signal,
which means you don't get all of these confluencers.
On those days,
it's very important that you stay away.
You remove your hands physically from the keyboard
and you do not trade.
So it's important to know when to trade,
but it's also more important to know when not to trade.
Because if you trade during those times
where you shouldn't be trading,
you're going to make a bunch of stupid decisions,
make a bunch of unnecessary losses,
and it's just not worth it.
So here's when not to trade.
I personally do not enter
when price is in the middle of nowhere, right?
Like I said,
when price is in the middle of nowhere,
just like this,
not at an optimal price point,
not at a location,
I don't enter.
I'm much more better off
waiting for price to come down to the location,
come down to a point of interest,
then I look for my entry.
That's non-negotiable.
Another thing is I don't anticipate candors.
So over here,
when price is like coming down here,
I don't sit here and think,
oh my God,
I'm going to enter for a buy right now.
I'm going to assume
that price is going to go up and reverse right here.
No, you don't do that, right?
You always wait for your confirmation candle.
Because if you do this,
what happens is that
if you don't get the confirmation,
price can just continue collapsing
and it will get stopped out.
Once again,
unnecessary loss
that could be avoided
if you were a little bit more patient
and you wait for your confirmation candle.
And number three,
I don't enter just because price looks good.
Remember,
you don't want to be trading your buyers.
You don't want to be trading
your belief about the market.
You want to be trading the market itself.
You don't want to be
imposing your will onto the market.
What I mean by that is that
when price comes down to this discount pricing,
you shouldn't assume
that price is going to reverse immediately.
Oh, prices came down below
this 50% equilibrium level.
Time to buy.
No, it doesn't work that way.
You always want to make sure that
once again,
you look for your extra confirmations, right?
So don't enter just because price looks good
or price looks cheap
or price looks expensive.
You don't decide
whether the market is going to move up or down.
Value is subjective.
Price is objective.
And we always want to be trading price.
We don't want to be trading
our perception of price,
which is value that we attach to price.
And last but not least,
I don't take trades
where it's too confusing, right?
Which means there is a lot of different
conflicting biases.
Like for example,
I have spot all of these three
confluences itself.
But the thing is,
somewhere in my gut says
that price is going to continue going down
and the internal structure
is showing me
that it's heavily bearish right now.
Maybe because there's a lot of
bearish kind of stick just like this.
When you have such a conflicting bias
just like this,
where you don't know
whether you should enter
for a buy or sell,
that's probably a trade
that is worth passing on.
Because when a good trade idea
presents itself like an A plus setup,
it usually hits your head
like a two by four truck.
Like just ding,
and then you when people know
that that's the trade worth taking.
Because like I said,
your job as a trader
is to allocate resources wisely,
efficiently.
So you want to make sure
that you deploy capital
only on A plus setups.
So those are the scenarios
that I personally do not trade.
Like I said,
very important for you
to understand these scenarios
so that you can
catch yourself
in one of those scenarios
and you can stay out of the market
instead of getting itchy fingers
and thinking about
those stupid trades.
Paying stupid games,
winning stupid prizes.
All right,
so for the next example,
I'm just gonna like speed run it
because by now
you should have
a very clear understanding
of this three-step framework
and how to properly utilize it.
So first step,
look for the direction.
We have established
that price is going down,
lower highs,
lower lows,
blah, blah, blah.
You've heard me say that
a million times by now.
And you want to map out
the most recent
break of structure
so that we can get
our most recent swing range.
This is the swing high right here
and then this is the swing low here.
And you can also
map this high over here as well
because this is also
a very obvious high.
Or you don't need to as well
but yeah,
let's just remove that.
Anyways,
when that actually happens,
you can actually look
for your location next, right?
Map out your premium discount.
You will see that
right now,
prices came above
the equilibrium level
which is good news for us.
Okay,
this tells us that
price is potentially
going to reverse
anytime soon right now.
But how do we know where?
Right,
well,
we map up our
supply and demand zones.
So we always start
on the extreme.
This is the extreme
supply zone over here
and then followed by
this supply zone
that we have marked up
right here.
But you can see
this is already mitigated
which means price came down,
mitigate that supply zone,
fill up the sell orders
that was within the supply zone
and just continue dumping
just like this.
So most likely
price is not going
to respect this zone.
What I do want
is an unmitigated supply zone
like this one
right here.
Okay,
so that's the unmitigated
supply zone
that price is approaching.
So this is where
this is the point of interest
that I want to pay attention to
number one
and number two.
So at any point of interest,
right,
once I can see
these three confluences,
I'm going to enter for a sell.
That's it.
As simple as that.
And I do nothing
until any one of these
points of interest
get mitigated.
So over here,
price has come up here.
That's it.
Tap our zone.
Boom.
Finally,
tap our zone.
The minute it tap our zone,
drop down to the one hour
time frame itself.
And once again,
price has already entered
into our desired location.
We have already established
the direction which is down
and we want to enter for a sell.
Now,
comes down to execution.
Execution,
very simple.
You just look for,
once again,
these three
sort of confluences
that you can see right here.
So at this point of time,
price mitigated
at the supply zone
came down.
Do we have a strong
rejection candle,
an engulfing candle
or a pin with displacement?
Yes,
we do.
Right?
This is a pin with displacement.
Price came up there,
rejected it
and started coming down
very heavily.
Do we have a break
and close
in buyer's direction?
Yes,
we do.
Right?
Price pretty much
came down here
and took out this
last low right here
and pretty much
broke the last low
and it closed
below it.
Is there a failure
to continue
against the buyers?
A trap candle?
Yes,
we do.
Right?
What will happen
is that when price
went up there,
pulls back,
it wanted to go up
and continue,
right?
If it were to continue
with this
bullish short-term
trend direction,
what could happen
is that price
will just continue
doing this
but that did not happen.
It actually failed,
right?
Supply overpowered demand,
we got pretty much
price crashing down here.
So that is where
we got our three confluencers.
As simple as that,
we can look for shots
at any point of time
right here.
So over here,
if I would enter
for a sell here,
once again,
you want to be placing
your stop loss
at a price point
that invalidate
this trade idea itself.
So,
right here,
where is the pin
with displacement?
Where is the strong
rejection candle?
As much as possible,
you want to place
your stop loss
above that rejection candle
because right now
we are assuming
that
if price
were to remain bearish,
it's going to continue
crashing down
just like this.
But if price
were to continue bullish,
right,
it might mitigate
some demand level
right here,
continue going up
and take out
this high right here,
take out the rejection candle.
So that is like
the highest point
that price
has to hold
in order for price
to remain bearish.
So that is the price point
which invalidate
the trade ideal.
I'll place it right here
above the rejection candle
and once again,
place your stop loss
at 3R
just like this.
Okay,
so let's see
what happens next.
All right,
later on,
price went up there.
You can see
what happened over here
was that price
went up there
and tried to retest
the previous
rejection candle itself
which means that
if you place your stop loss
at the wrong place
like let's say
below or above here,
you would be stopped out
just for price
to go in your way.
All right,
so in this case,
we are still
in the position itself,
right?
Let's just continue
to see how price react,
whether there is
sufficient supply
in the market.
Okay,
there is sufficient supply
in the market
and then price just
continue going down
and slowly and surely,
let me just go up
to the 4 hour time frame.
Let's see whether
hit with TP or not.
Come down
and smash our TP
as simple as that.
And once again,
it all comes down
to these 3 simple steps.
Direction,
location,
execution
and waiting
for your 3 confluences.
Tada!
That's it.
And if you watch my videos,
you will know that
I like to make trading simple.
I try to simplify it
in a way
where like a 5 year old
can understand
because I fundamentally
believe that
when the rules are simple,
emotions have nowhere to hide.
If you have
a very clear
systematic framework
in terms of
how you map out your charts,
analyse the charts
from top to bottom
and have a very clear
criteria on
where to enter
or rather when to enter
once each one
of these criteria
has been met,
then
there is no room
for guesswork,
second guessing
or emotion whatsoever.
You just follow
the mechanical trading system
like a freaking robot.
And when you do that,
that is where you realise
that you actually
take much fewer trades
because now you're focusing
on quality
instead of quantity.
And that is where
you tend to spend
less time overthinking
and thinking,
should I enter for a buy?
Should I enter for a sell?
Because now you actually
have a structured system
and that is where
you stop chasing sell-ups,
you stop forcing trades
and you know exactly
what constitutes
as an A-plus setup
and you just ignore
everything else.
Like to me,
that's the holy grail
right there.
It's just a mechanical
trading system
that works
and you do it
and you keep on
iterate on it,
keep on making it better,
doing more of what works
and less of what doesn't
and as time passes,
as long as you put in
the consistent actions,
the results will be
consistent as well.
Now once again,
I'm not saying that
this is the only way
to trade price action.
This is just like
1% of my entire
market mechanics
trading strategy.
There's a lot of
different confluences
that you can take
into account of.
There's also a lot
of different market
conditions that you
need to be aware of
because this type of
strategy,
it might work here
and there,
but it's not gonna work
if the market conditions
start changing,
which is why
if you want to learn
more about market mechanics,
which is the trading
strategy that I
personally use,
you can check out
this playlist right here.
You can go and
binge watch
every single video
in here
and I can triple guarantee
if you apply everything
you learn here,
you will become a master
at analyzing the charts.
And to me,
learning market mechanics
is like taking the red pill.
Once you see it,
you can't unsee it.
So go and check that out there.
Nothing to sell you here.
Just gonna watch
those free courses
and I'll see you guys
in the next video.
And as always,
remember,
you're just one trade away.
