If you can master supply and demand flip zones, you will be able to increase your win rate,
increase your risk to reward ratio and make so much more money than the bugger who is still
trading support and resistance levels. So in this free course, this is what you will learn.
What are supply and demand flip zones? How to identify and trade these zones?
How to combine liquidity with flip zones so that you can avoid smart money traps?
And lastly, I'm going to show you a high win rate trading strategy using these flip zones.
So what are supply and demand flip zones? They are basically point of interest where a supply zone
transition into a demand zone or vice versa. And they basically signal to us a shift in order flow
of the market. They tell us price has just go from bearish to bullish or bullish to bearish.
And they basically just tell us that price is going to reverse. And it's caused by changes in
the market sentiment and the psychology of the market participants. So this supply and demand
flip zones basically tell us that price is going to reverse right now from a downtrend to uptrend
or uptrend to a downtrend. So there are basically two types of flip zones. The first one is your
supply to demand flip zone. Over here, price was potentially could be making that bearish order
flow. You know, price just going down, creating a downtrend, creating that lower high and lower
low, just breaking through the last low, creating your break of structure somewhere right around
here. And then it just continue going down and go down. Eventually come down here and it comes up
and over here, what we have was a supply zone, right? There was this supply zone that was formed
when price created this lower high right here because this supply zone caused price to go all the
way down. Now in this example right here, if this supply zone were to do its job, price is going to go up
there, right? Tap into that supply zone and continue going down even further, right? It's
going to continue going down even further and potentially creating that lower high and lower
low dynamic. But in this case, that was clearly not the case because what price did is that instead
of creating that lower high and lower low dynamic, price actually reacted from this supply zone and
actually comes down here and creates a higher low. So you can see this low is higher than this low
right here. So this could tell us that price have just shifted from supply to demand. So over here,
this is where we can draw our demand zone after price goes up, react to this demand zone and
actually break through the last lower high, creating our shift of structure. And this pretty
much just confirmed to us that, you know what, price could potentially reverse from a downtrend to
uptrend right now and we can look to enter for a buy. So your next step is to wait for price to
actually come back down to this flip zone that was created right here. Just bear in mind that at
this point of time, right, price has already flipped from supply to demand. So this is your
supply to demand flip zone. So just wait for price to come down, come back down to this supply to
demand flip zone, enter for your trade and just start collecting cash. Now the thing about this
flip zone is that it is very important that you actually get that failed reaction right here.
So what happened right here was that there was a failed reaction. Like I said, if price were to do
its job or rather if this supply zone were to do its job, it's going to continue the bearish or the
flow and just continue going down, creating a lower high and lower low. But in this case,
there was a failed reaction right here where price actually, you know, instead of going down,
continuing going down even further, it actually started reversing right here and hit back up.
So this was the failed reaction being formed and this just tell us that, you know what,
this supply zone works, but it's not strong enough for this overall trend to continue. And then this is
when the demand have overpowered the supply, right? Where the buyers have pretty much just
pushed the sellers out, right? Just chase the bears out. And right now, they're going to come in and
take their place. Next is your demand to supply flip zone. And it's basically the opposite of your
supply to demand flip zone. And in this case, you are flipping from demand to supply. So what happened
is that price could be, you know, going up, creating the higher high and higher low, and eventually it
comes up here, pushing up, breaking through the last high, creating a break of structure before price
actually started pulling back. And when it pulled back, guess where is it going to pull back to?
The demand zone right here, like this demand zone right here, that actually resulted in this push
phase, right? This break of structure. So this is a very strong demand zone and price is going to come
down here and tap into that demand zone. Now, the problem is if price taps into that demand zone,
you must ask yourself whether this demand zone will work or not, right? Whether this demand zone will
hold. If it's going to hold, it's going to continue to go up, creating your higher highs and
higher lows. But if not, then guess what? That is your failed reaction. And that is what we see
in this scenario right here, right? This demand zone, it failed to bring that higher high, right?
It failed to actually go above this high. So what it does was that it actually goes up
and come back down. So it created a lower high right here, right? And this could potentially be
your shift in order flow. The price went from the strong demand to potentially supply could be
stepping into the market and, you know, let price collapse, right? So that is essentially what we
want to see. This failed reaction right here. So after we see this failed reaction, we are pretty
much waiting for price to confirm to us that this is going to be a valid reverser. And we are only
going to get a confirmation where price actually created that market shift, where price actually
go down here and break through the last higher low, giving us a shift of structure. Conforming to us
that price have potentially shifted from a bullish uptrend. And right now it's going to turn into a
bearish downtrend and we should be looking to sell. Now, where do we sell? We sell at the place that
actually created that failed reaction, which is this area right here. So this area will be your
demand to supply flip zone because price has flipped from demand to supply right here. And that is when you
can look for entry and once again, collect cash or credit or whatever you want to collect. Now let's go on to
the charts and learn how to actually identify and trade these flip zones. So when you pull up to a
blank chart like this, the first thing you need to do is to always identify the overall market structure
and also mark up any sort of supply and demand zones. If you still do not know how to mark up supply and
demand zones, go and watch this video right here. But anyways, right here, first things first, we look
at the overall trend direction, right? We see that price in the uptrend, price creating the higher
high, higher low, higher high, higher low. And right now it's pushing and potentially creating
another higher high. So clear as day, price is in the push phase, right? Price is not in the pullback
phase, price in the push phase and price is in the uptrend. Now before you think about entering for a
buy, you need to look out for your blind spots, look out for any sort of opposition zones, right?
What I mean when I say that is that in an uptrend like this, you should look out for any sort of
supply zones that is near this area here because you don't want to enter for a buy at a supply zone
where there's going to be a lot of sellers entering into the market. It's all about timing, right? It's
all about entering at the perfect timing. So we zoom out a little bit and we can see that clear as
day, there is actually a supply zone somewhere right around here, right? Supply zone somewhere right
around here. This will be your supply zone. And then there is also another supply zone all the way
up here at this extreme high right here, right? And yeah, there's basically two supply zones right
here. So the reason why I marked up these supply zones is because this is what you call your
rally base drop. Rally base drop, right? And it basically tells us that this is the initiation of
this push phase, right? These sellers entering into the market, you can see huge bearish candlestick
right here which pretty much tells us that there's some sort of smart money or financial institution
involvement right here, right? They enter for a bulk amount of sell orders within these two areas here.
So that is my supply zone. And I basically draw my supply zone by marking up the entire range
before the bearish liquidity or the supply enter into the market. So it will be this entire range
right here. But sometimes what I like to do is to, you know, refine it to the candle right before
the bearish liquidity, right before the supply actually happens. So in this case, I'll refine
it to like this candle, right? So the reason why I like to do this is because I want to keep my
zone nice and tight instead of having like this entire consolidation right here,
nice and tight just like this and you will most likely do. And right now the thing about price is
that even though price is an uptrend and by right we should be entering for a buy because we want to
trade with trend, right? But right now price is actually in a supply zone, right? So that's the
key thing to note. That's a big red flag. And when price actually enter into the supply zone,
my next step would be to, you know, go down to my smaller timeframes. This is where I look for my entry,
look for my flip zones. And in this case, I'll most likely be going down to the one
hour timeframe, right? Once I go down to the one hour timeframe, I'll be marking my structure up
once again. And I can see there is a break of structure right here because the last time price
actually went up there, it actually created another higher high. So you can see this is the high right
here. That is the higher low. And then right now price created another high. And right now price is
potentially pulling back after creating this higher high. So at this part of time, I'm marking up
my break of structure. I'm also going to mark up where's my swing high and my swing low. So this
is my swing high right here. And then there's a swing low right here, right? So there's a swing
low right here because this is where price actually, you know, pulls up, retrace and then go up even
further. So there's a very strong or rather not strong, but like rather a weak swing low right here.
At this point of time, we are looking for our flip zones, right? In order for this to confirm to us
that, you know, price is going to go down right now because this supply zone is going to do its
job, right? This higher time frame supply zone is going to do its job. Sellers are going to enter
into the market. Here's what you need to see. You need to see price actually, you know, react to this
demand zone right here and it fails, right? It has to create that failed reaction. And then after it
created that failed reaction, it has to break structure, which is breaking below this low, creating
your market shift. That confirmed to us and tell us that price is going to reverse from an uptrend to
a downtrend. And only then you can look to enter for a sell position. So in this case, what do we
have right here? What we have right here was that there was a demand zone right here, right? Obviously,
there's going to be a demand zone right there because this is your pivot zone where price actually,
you know, goes up, come down, pivot and then goes up, right? This is where demand step into the market
and this candle actually initiate that demand. So this is your demand zone. And right now, price
seems to be creating that failed reaction. So what happened right here is that price comes down into
the demand zone and it reacted from the demand zone. Remember, the reaction is very important.
You need to see that reaction because it confirmed to us that this demand zone is working. But whether
it does its job, it's another question. And in this scenario right here, if this demand zone were to do
its job, what price is going to do is that it's going to continue going up even higher, creating
that higher high and higher low and just continue going to the moon. But in this case, it did not
have enough momentum to do that. It did not have enough fuel. So what happened is that after price
actually reacted from the demand zone, sellers stepped back into the market and pushed the price
down, creating your market shift. And it actually broke through the last low right here. When it does
that, we have an officially a market shift right here, right? A shift of structure. And right now,
this could be like the first sign that tell us that the order flow is about to shift from bullish
to bearish. So this is where supply actually stepped into the market after it created a failed
reaction from this demand zone. So this is your supply zone, right? And this is also known as your flip
zone, right? Because once again, this is where demand has flipped to supply and created that failed
reaction, right? So ideally, I would mark up like the candle right before the supply step into the
market like this. But what you can also do is to mark up like the entire range. This entire range
also constitutes as a flip zone, right? But for me, I like to refine it to like just this candle right
here, right? But obviously, if you refine it to like this as well, it's also quite valid. So this entire
area would be a flip zone. So in that case, I'm pretty much waiting for price to actually tap into that
flip zone. And that is when I can potentially look for my entry somewhere within this flip zone.
So let's just drag that out right there. Potentially, I could be placing like some sort of sell order at
this flip zone. And now my stop loss will be above this flip zone somewhere right around there.
And then my take profit will potentially be, where's the next demand zone, right? Where's the
next swing low? And this could potentially be the next swing low right there. So this would be like a
very easy trade setup right there. And you can see, let's just observe what price does, right?
Because obviously, I feel like this is, this stop loss is way too big, right? And if price actually like,
you know, goes up there, tap into the flip zone and just mitigate it, then obviously my stop loss
wouldn't be so wide. It doesn't make sense for my stop loss to be that wide. In that case, my stop loss
will probably be just right above this area right here. And my risk to reward ratio will be much more
higher. So in this case, just observe what price does. Okay, you can see price taps into that flip
zone. That's a good thing guys, price taps into the flip zone. And usually, sometimes, just for you to
take note, price can either go into the 50%, which means like the half way through inside this flip zone
and then go, or sometimes it can even touch the flip zone and just go. There's never like a rule that says
that okay, you should enter immediately after price tap into the flip zone or tap into the 50% of the flip zone.
It's all depends on you, right? So test it out and see which one works for you. And let's stick to
using that one. So in this case, price has entered into like the 50% of the flip zone. And that is
when I can potentially have entered for the trade setup manually. I always prefer to enter my trades
manually after getting some sort of confirmation. So I enter like some sort, like 50% right here.
You can see bearish liquidity started entering into the market. Supply have officially stepped into the
market and this flip zone is going to do its job, right? So somewhere right around here,
this 50%, I've already entered into the trade. My stop loss will be, ah yeah, probably just right
above this flip zone. And this would potentially be a 1 to 3 risk to reward ratio. I can just observe
what price does, boom, smash your take profit. As simple as that, got out of the trade, happy days,
go and celebrate with a champagne or something. Now, after we got out of this trade, observe what
price is doing right now. Price has came back down here to this swing low, right? And this swing low
is usually like a point for smart money to actually grab more liquidity to continue this
down move. So most likely it's going to like reverse at this area right here, creating that
another lower high and then go down even further, right? It's literally that area for smart money
to grab more liquidity. So at this area right here, that is also your demand zone right here. So once
again, that is your demand zone right there. And in this area, we want to see whether price
actually respect this demand zone or not. And in that case, I'm waiting to see whether there is
a failed reaction right here or price actually react to this demand zone and just continue going
back up, right? So let's look at what price does and you can see price comes down, comes down, boom,
there you have it, your failed reaction. Once again, price actually reacted to this demand zone,
right? A very valid reaction. But like I said, it was not enough to continue going up, right? It did
not have enough momentum. It did not have enough buyers to continue pushing the price
up. So over here, this is what I caught the failed reaction, right? Failed reaction happened
right here. So you can pretty much draw your flip zone within this range right here. So this entire
range would be your flip zone, right? Flip zone right there. And then price also created the market
shift right here already where price actually pierced past the last low. You can see price is
going to go down. And right now we could potentially look to enter for our sell position once again,
when price actually, you know, enter back into the flip zone. You can see price step into the flip
zone right there, price step into the 50% flip zone once again, pretty much like quite similar to
this. We are inside the trade and prices collapse, right? Prices collapse and go down. And yeah,
happy days. This is essentially how you trade the flip zones in a bearish downtrend. So this is a
pretty good example of demand to supply flip zone where supply has pretty much overpowered demand
and causing the entire order flow to shift from bearish to bullish. Now, what does it look like in
uptrend? What does a supply to demand flip zone actually looks like? And that is what we're going
to explore right now. So over there, once again, price is coming down here, crashing down. And I can
see price is approaching this demand zone that we have earlier. The reason why I draw this demand zone
is because this is actually your drop base rally, right? So this consolidation, this consolidation right
here is happened right before the demand step into the market and push the price up, right?
So this is pretty much a valid demand zone. So at this point of time, price is approaching this
demand zone and we don't really want to do anything, right? It's too late for you to enter
for a sell already, even though price is in a downtrend because price is approaching a demand
zone where smart money is potentially going to enter buy orders in bulk and potentially push the
price up. And look at what price does. Price tap into the demand zone and boom, you can see smart money
enter into the market and create a V-shaped reaction, right? Where price created this V-shaped reaction,
this is more slightly involvement of the big financial institutions, right? And usually,
it usually happens after a liquidity sweep. So there was available liquidity below these lows
right here. So there was a liquidity sweep right there, right? Swipe the liquidity right there.
And at this point of time, like I said, I want to mark up my market structure, my swing lows and my
swing highs. So this is the last swing high right here, at least the last lower high. So at this point of
time, there is also a supply zone right here, right? There's a supply zone right here that actually
resulted or rather caused price to move down to this demand zone. So at this point of time,
we want to see whether this supply zone does its job or not, right? So we tap into that supply zone
and like I said, if this supply zone were to do its job, it's going to continue creating that lower
high and low, low and lower high and low, low. Then at that point of time, there's no point of us
thinking that price is going to reverse, right? So we'll see, you can see price is mitigating
this supply zone, starting head back down, starting head back down. But look at what
happened, right? Instead of creating that lower low, what price actually did is that it created
that higher low. And you can see this low right here is higher than this low. So this pretty
much confirmed to us that this is your flip zone, right? This is where supply has officially
flipped to your demand, right? So this is your supply to demand flip zone. And for this to be a valid
flip zone, like I said, we want to see that market shift. We want to see price actually pierce past
this last lower high, confirming to us that there is a shift of structure, confirming to us that this
bearish order flow is about to end. And right now, price is going to go to the moon. And that is what we
want to see. You can see, okay, market shift happened right here. And right now, I could potentially
enter for my buy position and price actually taps into the demand zone and could potentially,
you know, have my take profit somewhere right up here at this supply zone, right? At this next
supply zone right here. Right? A very quick scalp or whatsoever. Not really quick actually, but you
can see price tap into that flip zone right here. Once again, boom, tap into it. Actually, you already
tap into it right here, right? You already tap into the flip zone right here. It taps into it. You can see
when it taps into that flip zone, a lot of liquidity actually enter into the market where, which can be
seen by these huge imbalances. You can see small money enter into the market. Boom, this is where the
demand has overpowered the supply. And right now, we are just about to go to the moon. And you can see
price is about to, you know, just, just about to do its thing and just go up there, right? And yeah, potentially
go up to this supply zone that we have right here. And just taps into it. And boom, we get our take
profit hit and life goes on, right? Very, very simple. And the thing about this strategy is that
it seems quite simple, but the hard part is waiting, waiting for that high property trade setup,
waiting for that market shift to occur, waiting for price to get back to the flip zone after the
market shift occur. That is the difficult part. It's not about patience. Patience is the name of the
game. Now, I'll be very honest with you. Even though this is a high win rate trading strategy,
the truth is no strategy works 100% of the time, right? This strategy will not work all the time.
Sometimes price will just not respect the flip zone. It will not respect the flip zone. It will
go to the extreme zone and then go. Or it might not even touch the flip zone and then go, right? So
it really comes down to you asking yourself this question here. When in doubt, just ask yourself,
has the flip zone swept liquidity? Right? Because the market move based on liquidity.
If smart money want to enter for a buy position, they need a large amount of sell orders and they
can only get that from you guys, from your stop loss, from the liquidity inside the market.
So ask yourself this question. Has the flip zone swept liquidity? If yes, enter on the flip zone.
If no, wait for a liquidity sweep to happen first and enter on either the extreme supply and demand
zone or the next supply and demand zone after getting extra confirmation. This is what I mean.
So over here, this is a pretty similar example. So I'm not going to go through the entire thing again.
But what happened right here is that price was in a bearish downtrend, bearish order flow,
and price has just came back down to this strong demand zone that we have right here.
So we have our supply zone right here. And you can see price created that flip zone after price
reacted at this demand zone. Right? It just reacted at this demand zone, come up to this supply zone,
and then instead of continually going down, it actually created that higher low. Right? So this
low higher than this low right here. And this is your flip zone. So at this point of time, I can just
mark up my flip zone right here. Right? This entire thing is a flip zone. So look at what price does.
Price goes up. Okay, price comes into the flip zone. Potentially, you enter for a buy here
immediately after price comes into the flip zone. And you place your stop loss below this flip zone.
And bam, you just lost your trade. You just lost your trade. Because you don't really know what you
are doing. Like you're just thinking of trading in terms of like a very surface level knowledge.
You don't really have a deep understanding of liquidity and the market in general.
So what happened right here is that what you did wrong was that you did not wait for liquidity.
Like I said just now, this flip zone strategy is not going to work all the time. You're not going
to get that perfect flip zone reaction every single time. The market is random. These patterns are
random. So what you can potentially do is to react to what the market is doing. So in this example
right here, like I said, you are asking yourself as price enters into the flip zone, whether price has
already swept liquidity, whether this flip zone has already swept any sort of liquidity. And if you look
towards the left, where is all the liquidity points? It's right here, right? You can see as price
pivot right here, there's going to be available liquidity below these lows right here. Because
maybe buyers are entering right here. They're going to be placing their stop loss below these lows right
here, below this higher low. So there's going to be a ton of liquidity being built up above below
this lows right here. And in addition to that, where else is the liquidity? There's a trend line
right here, right? Retail traders, they want to place their trend line. When they place their trend
line right there, guess what? They're going to be placing their stop losses below this trend line
right here when they enter for a buy after price bounce off the trend line, after price bounce off
the trend line. And in that case, all the stop loss below this trend line right here, all of these are
available liquidity. So there's liquidity below all this trend line right here, lots of liquidity.
There's also liquidity below this low right here. So in this example right here, price has not
swept the liquidity whatsoever. So what we could potentially do is to wait for the liquidity
sweep to happen. Wait for price to sweep all this available liquidity and then we enter for the trade.
So once again, if you look at the guide that I have right here. So if it has not swept liquidity,
right? You want to enter either on the extreme supply on demand zone or the next supply on demand
zone. So in this scenario right here, this will be the extreme zone, right? This will be like the
most extreme demand zone that we have right here, right? And right now, we could potentially expect
price to sweep the liquidity first below all this lows right there. And when it does that,
it's going to tap into the demand zone, right? This extreme demand zone. And only then, that is when
you can potentially look for your buy setup somewhere right within this demand zone, right? And if you look
for that, you can see price just skyrocketed, right? Huge amount of money just entered into the
market. Huge demand have just officially stepped into the market after price has swept all the
available liquidity right here. Or rather after the smart money have swept all the liquidity.
And what happens if, you know, you fail to enter at this demand zone right here, then that is the next
supply and demand zone that you can actually look to enter for. Right? You can see as price actually
started. Retracing right here, right? And you can actually draw another demand zone right here.
And next time price actually tap into the demand zone, you can easily enter for another buy position
and just continue this so on and so forth. Right? So that is what I mean when I say that
if the flip zone has not swept liquidity whatsoever, then you want to enter on the extreme supply
or demand zone or the next supply and demand zone after getting the extra confirmation, which only comes
in the form of, you know, signs that tell you that smart money have entered into the market.
Once again, another example right here. So right now, price has came back down to this swing low that
we have right here. And right now, once again, this is your demand zone, right? This entire thing is your
demand zone. And you can see price has actually reacted to the demand zone and created that fake reaction
right here where price actually goes up, create that lower high and just goes down, right? So this could
potentially be your flip zone, right? And like I said, you want to ask yourself, has the flip zone
swept liquidity? If yes, then potentially you could enter the price step into the flip zone. But in this
case, there was no liquidity being swept whatsoever, right? So we could potentially expect price to
completely disregard this flip zone, come into like this extreme supply zone right here. And that is when
you can potentially look for your trade setup, right? But once again, always wait and react to what the
market is doing. And you can see price just goes down and boom, completely disregarded in this flip
zone. And where is it going to go next? This entire supply zone that we have right here, right? This
entire supply zone that we have, this range right here. Boom, that is when you can potentially look for
your entry. So let's say you actually wanted to enter for a sell position at this flip zone, right? And you did
not get that entry because price just completely mis-mitigated it. Or you actually enter into the
trade, but you place your stop loss above this flip zone and now you got stopped out. In that case,
suck it up. Move on to the next trade, right? Just get rid of this and look for your next opportunity.
Your next opportunity window will be at the extreme supply or demand zone. So this is the extreme supply
zone. So we are going to see whether price respect this supply zone. And if it does, I want to get
involved for a sell position and place my stop loss above the supply and potentially take it at the
next take profit, next demand zone that we have right here or whatsoever. You can see right here,
tap into that supply zone. Boom, comes down to this demand zone right here before actually heading up
and boom, smashing our take profit. So this is exactly what I mean when I say that you need to be very
reactive. You need to be very flexible and adapt to what the market is doing. And always make sure
that you are being very careful. So go out there, play with this trading strategy, practice, backtest
and see whether it works or not before you try it out on your live account. And if you can combine
this flip zone strategy with market structure, trust me, it's going to be insane, right? Let's just say
it's going to be crazy. If you think that you have learned a lot in this lesson, trust me when I say
that this is just the tip of the iceberg of whatever we teach inside the 1% club. This is
just one of the 100 lessons that we have inside the 1% club. So if you want more lessons just like
this, more in-depth trading guys, go check out the 1% club. And anyways, as always, remember you're
just one trade away.
