Today, I'm going to teach you how to become a successful trader who can bank consistent profits.
My name is Brett Go and if you're wondering who the hell is this guy and why the hell should you
trust this guy, here's what I've accomplished so far. I've been trading for five years and I've
documented my entire trading journey on YouTube for you guys to see, or at least the past three
years. So if you sort my videos back to the oldest, you will be able to see me live trading with less
than $100 in my bank account and just basically documenting my entire trading journey. And my
why when I started trading five years ago was that I wanted to retire my father, right, who was 65
year old and still working very hard to put food on the table. And I'm glad to say that I've accomplished
that goal, that big why, strong, compelling why that allowed me to keep going this year, right? At the
start of this year, I managed to retire him. So that's my, that will always be my proudest moment
as a son. And then, yeah, like I said, I lost money for two, three years. So yeah, I'm going to be honest
and transparent with you and tell you that I lost money, right? I didn't came out of my mom's womb
and just became a profitable trader who is smart and intelligent. I was a dumbass. I made a bunch
of mistakes. I lost over $10,000 in one day. I lost the school fees that my dad actually paid me
and I lost my life savings. Okay, I'm a dumbass. All right. So yeah, it might help for you to actually
gain somewhat like a relatability to me. Like you can relate to me that you're a dumbass. I'm a dumbass
as well. So I've been losing money for two, three years. And that's before I finally got like my
breakthrough moment, my eureka moment where I made over $100,000, six figures annual income, right?
So this happened about in my third year, third and fourth year, right? 100K. So it also, I made
$1 million at the age of 21, right? This might seem like somewhat of like a proof or somewhat of like
a flex to you guys, but by no means am I flexing to you guys. For me, I'll have to get matured and
become successful at a young age so that I could really provide my family with a better quality of
life. Now my dad is traveling anywhere he want. My mom is sitting at the back of a Mercedes-Benz S
class. So $1 million at the age of 21, pretty impressive. And then most things, like I feel
like one thing that I'm genuinely proud and passionate about is this, 2,000 plus happy students,
right? So I've coached over 2,000 plus students by now, right? And every single one of them are happy,
they are successful, or rather they are making progress towards success, and they've achieved
results. Recently, I've interviewed some of my top students, Alia who made over $25,000,
Samudin who made over $10,000, and Carl who made another $20,000 from his funded account,
right? So yeah, it's crazy. These students are really crazy. Their success is my success.
And I've built the fastest growing trading brand in the industry, right? So if you look at my YouTube
channel, just scroll down, you'll see that I have about, I'm near a million subscribers right now,
something that I'm very proud of because I built that shit brick by brick. And that's only because I was
able to, I was able to simplify a complicated concepts, complicated trading concepts that is
so complex and stuff, so difficult to understand. I'm able to simplify them into a way that a five
year old can understand, right? That is the main thing. That's the main reason why my channel blew
up, right? And it's not because I'm the funniest guy. I'm not going to lie, I'm a boring ass guy.
And it's not because I have the fleshless lifestyle. It's all because of the fact that I'm able to
provide tremendous amount of value, which is what I hope to do in this video. Last but not least,
if it helps, I've got nothing to sell you, right? I've got nothing to sell you or her, right? By the
way, I hate those people who flex a lifestyle, you know, they flex their cars, their chains, their
mansion in order to bid you into buying a course, right? I'm not the type of guru. What I am is a guy
who's able to do everything he can to provide value for free and also to make sure that you guys
learn what you need in order to become successful. So I've got nothing to sell you here, right? I do
have like an education company, 1% Club, but like I said, I'm not here to promote it whatsoever,
right? In fact, I'm going to close the enrollment soon because, yeah, we just don't want too many
customers. We want to focus on our current students. All right, next, here's basically proof that,
you know, I know what I'm talking about. I know something about making money, right? Or I know
something about trading, right? And I've made this amount of money from trading, so at least I'm
probably like one step ahead of you. I wouldn't say that I'm like 10 steps ahead of you. I'm a
millionaire trader. No, because that's not the truth. The truth is I'm probably just one step ahead of
you. I've pretty much just like figured some things out that you haven't figured it out yet. So yeah,
I just hope to shorten your learning curve inside this video, right? So what is the
big promise for this video? The big promise for this video is that I'm going to show you how I
went from $0 to making my first $100,000. I'm going to tell you everything, a step-by-step blueprint
on how I went from $0 to making my first $100,000 from trading. As long as you have the patience,
you have the attention spent to watch this entire video, this journey that you're going to go through,
I can shorten it from three years to say one year, right? If you genuinely learn everything
inside this video and you apply what you have learned and you go out there and practice with
enough time, you're going to reach this amount. Trust me, it's 100% possible. If such a dumb-ass
Asian guy wearing this ugly-ass spectacles can do it, you can do it too, right? You can do it.
So, I'm going to dissect this entire process into three core components, right? Three core components.
The first one is strategy, right? So, strategy, if you have a good and successful strategy,
this journey is going to be much more easier for you. Second thing is funding, right? Obviously,
you need money in order to make money in trading, right? So, you need to learn how to raise enough
capital in order to reach this level because it's very hard to reach $100,000 if you only have $100
in the bank account, right? Just like what I did when I started. And then last thing is something
that is kind of cringe, heart or mindset, right? A lot of people don't like this stuff, but this stuff
is the most important stuff ever, right? If you have this, this can pretty much outweigh all of
this stuff right here, all right? So, yeah, without further ado, let's just dive straight into it.
So, let's talk about the first stuff, which is the strategy. I believe that you guys love this part,
right? Strategy. And in this video, there won't be any charts whatsoever. If you go to my YouTube
channel, you will see there's a ton of chart videos. So, the truth is you don't need any more
chart videos. What you need is some real, cold, hard, pure wisdom from the trading gig himself,
right? So, first, let's talk about strategy. Okay, strategy. Now, what do you know about strategy?
You probably know that there's a ton of trading strategies out there, right? And just to name some
price action, you got smart money concepts, you got ICT concepts, you got, I don't know,
indicators, right? RSI, Bollinger Bands, MACD, lots of strategy out there. The question becomes,
which one is the best and which one do you pick? My advice is always going to be so simple.
Pick one. It doesn't matter which one you pick. You can become successful using any of these
strategies here. We got successful price action traders, right? You got billionaire trading price
action. You got smart money concepts traders who are banking a lot of money, taking high risk to
trade. You got ICT concept traders who is absolutely killing the markets, right? And then you got people
using indicators. Oh, look at my face. I hate indicators. I'll always judge you if you use
indicators. But we got people using indicators and still making money. Yeah. So, even though I hate
indicators, people are still making money using this type of thing. So, my advice would be stick one
and go and master them. The last thing you want to do is to become a jack of all trades and a master of
none, right? What you want to do is to be extremely good, extremely proficient at one thing and one
strategy only. So, pick one and go and master them. Now, if you're wondering which one is the one that I
trade, if I erase this, what I trade is what I call market mechanics. Okay, market mechanics.
Now, this is a combination of the most profitable parts of smart money concepts, ICT concepts and price
action. So, for me, I trade all of this. But what I did was that I dissected or rather I researched
and I did a lot of testing on this to find out what is like the most profitable part of these
strategies and I combined them together to form market mechanics. And this is something that's
unorthodox and has never been done before. But yeah, so that's what I did. And right now,
market mechanics is a trading strategy that is going to get me to making seven figures from trading.
Yeah. Because right now, I've only made six figures from trading. In order for me to get to seven
figures, I needed to deploy market mechanics. So, let's talk a little bit about market mechanics on
why it's so profitable and why it's so useful. All right. So, let's say you do decide to go
to the market mechanics route. There's an entire playlist of free causes on market mechanics on
my YouTube channel. You can just go to my YouTube channel, go to market mechanics playlist. You can
see the entire playlist of free causes. Right. So, before you do that, let me just quickly explain
to you what is market mechanics and why is it so good. Right. So, now, what the heck is market
mechanics? Right. This is something that's out of the box. Market mechanics. This is essentially
how the market operates. If you can really understand how the market operates, how and why
price move on a deep fundamental level, you can print money. I'm not even joking right now. You can
print money. Imagine you are able to trade alongside the smart money who move the market. Imagine you are
able to go onto a blank chart and know exactly where the market is doing, what the market is doing
right now, who is in control of price, supply or demand, and where is it going to go next.
That is the power of market mechanics. And what does it constitute of? Right. So, a strategy like
market mechanics, it constitutes of a few core components. Firstly is your supply and demand.
Right. Supply and demand. This is where we identify certain point of interest. Okay. That institutions
have trade or rather enter large amount of orders. Right. Like example, this is the demand
area. And now we are expecting price to come back down to this demand area. Right. Because
this is the price that they enter a large amount of order right here. Right. They enter a lot
of buy order. And now we are expecting price to pull back to this area. And that is when we
can get our entry again. Because this is the price point where they are going to enter
again. So, supply and demand. And then next is order blocks. Right. So, order blocks is a
little bit like supply and demand. Except that rather than just large box of orders, we are
identifying like large amount of candlesticks like this. Right. A lot of imbalance in price.
Right. A lot of orders being filled up at a short period of time. And then we have our order
block. Right. Which is like right here. Right. This is the candlestick before the imbalance.
And now same thing as supply and demand. You are just waiting for price to pull back. Fill up
all the imbalance right here. Fill up all the orders right here. And then watch price move up.
So, these are two things. This is basically how we actually identify the point of interest
that we want to trade from using this market mechanic strategy. And the next is liquidity.
Right. It is extremely important to understand liquidity. Because liquidity is essentially
how and why price move. Right. If you can understand liquidity, you will not get stopped
out so often. That means you will not lose money. And that means you will not get your trades.
You know, seeing your stop loss getting hit every single time. That's because you understand
liquidity. Because if you can understand liquidity, then you will not become the liquidity itself.
So, yeah. Liquidity is available above every swing high and below every swing low.
And obviously, there's a lot of like things about liquidity I'm not going to talk about
in this video. Like I said, I've made an entire course on each one of these concepts right here,
which you can find inside the free market mechanics playlist.
And then next, it's also, I believe the one last thing is liquidity, supply and demand,
order blocks. Is it inducements? No. Is this it? Inducements? Yeah, inducements is actually
part of liquidity. It's basically like traps set by institutional traders. Right. Traps set by
institutional traders to actually bid retail traders to enter for the setup. Example, when
you see this double top, right? A lot of retail traders think that, okay, this means that they
should enter for a sell. And then next thing you know, they enter for a sell here. Smart Money
push the price up, stop out all the retail traders, and then push price down. Inducements.
And I just realized, inducements is just a part of liquidity. Whoa. Market structure. How can I forget
about this? Market structure is king, guys. Yeah. Market structure is king. Market structure is
basically, essentially, how the price move, right? In an uptrend, or in a downtrend, or in a
consolidation. The ability to identify what phase of the market is it in. Is it a push phase, or is it
a pullback phase? Is it a consolidation phase? Is it a trending phase? This allows us to know exactly
which phase of the market is in right now, and then we can trade accordingly. And the last thing is
order flow. Now, the last thing is order flow. This is basically where we dive deep into looking at
how, or rather, who is in control of price, whether the buyers or the sellers. And we do that by looking
at footprint charts, and we do that by looking at what price is doing. Is it in the demand range, supply
range, yeah, and who is really in control of price? That's the main thing of order flow, right? So these are
the one, two, three, four, five, five core components of market mechanics, and this is basically how I
trade, right? Like I said, I've already made a video on each one of these concepts, which
you can find in the free playlist. Yeah. So anyways, market mechanics, and then, okay,
inducement is part of liquidity. I'm a dumbass for actually writing this down, yeah. Right now,
I'm experiencing a little bit of brain fog. So, yeah, just hit a heaviest gym workout, you know?
So yeah, that's for strategy, right? So now that you have figured out, okay, what strategy you want
to trade, and you have picked one to actually go and master, what is the next step, right? Okay,
the next step is obviously to learn everything you can about that strategy. Example, if you want to
learn about market mechanics, go and watch the market mechanics playlist that I have on my YouTube
channel. Like this entire playlist of like around in-depth, like I think eight videos, in-depth video
on each one of these concepts. Yeah, you will definitely master trading, and you don't even need to
buy a course whatsoever. You can learn it for free on my YouTube channel. And that is for market
mechanics. Oh yeah, yeah. Basically, after you're done with learning all that stuff, right? Next step
is to practice, obviously, right? You know, you have learned, you have practiced. But how do you
actually know that this strategy actually works? That's the main thing that you need to do. And that
is what I call testing. Right? So after you have formed a trading strategy, you know, you need to make
sure that you can prove that the trading strategy actually works. Because if you don't, you will
always be doubting yourself and your trading ability. When you go on to the market, you will not be able
to enter for the buy or sell button. Because you don't build that confidence yet. You don't have
confidence in your trading strategy yet. And where do you build this confidence? Confidence comes from
competence. Right? And you're only able to build confidence in your trading plan if you have tested
it out. Right? So this is the key thing here. You've got to test your trading strategy out. There's three
types of testing that you can do. And that's what I call backtesting. Okay? Backtesting. And then
another thing is what I call forward testing. And then the last thing is what I call chart exercises.
Now, this allows you to know whether your trading plan actually have an edge or not. So you backtest
the trading strategy. By the way, you should do all of this for at least one month before you trade
on a live account. Okay? At least one month. Go ahead and backtest the trading strategy. So how you
backtest is that you basically go to trading view, you bar replay. Right? You test out your trading
strategy on historical price data. Right? And then how you forward test is basically every single day,
you mark up your charts. Right? You mark up your charts with the trading strategy. And then you basically
trade on a demo account or you just see whether your markups actually work. You know, you mark up
your chart and you think that, okay, price is going to go up now. So the next day, you check your charts
again. See if price actually did go up. If it go up, then yeah, that's one win for you. Right? So that's
how you forward test. And then for backtest is basically you test out your trading strategy based on
historical price data. And chart exercises is pretty much you testing or whether you marking up your
charts on trading view itself and then just seeing whether it's correct or not. So that's for testing.
Right? You need to spend at least one month doing this. I don't want you guys to go and trade your
trading strategy on a live account. Right? Very, very important here. A lot of you, what happens is that
you come into trading with this mindset where you want to get rich as fast as possible. So what you do
is that, okay, you have find your trading strategy. Right? You have watched a bunch of trading videos,
be it my videos or some other trading guru videos. And you found that, okay, this guy is driving a
Lamborghini and his trading strategy is obviously going to work and it's free on YouTube. So I'm
going to copy it and I'm going to put it on my live account. I'm going to test it out on my
hard earned money. Guys, how stupid is that? How stupid is that? Yeah. So you must test out the
strategy first, right? To see whether it works. And if it does, then use it on a live account. If not,
switch to another strategy or rather refine your strategy until it works. So that's a very
important thing. And I believe that's a process that most beginners skip, right? Because all of
them, they just want to go straight from $0 to making what? 10K per month, right? And they just
skip the process between. And don't get me wrong. You can easily skip the process and still get to 10K
per month, which means you don't have to test out your trading strategy. You can use a trading strategy
and immediately you can get to 10K per month. Trust me, this is possible. But the thing is,
are you able to maintain this 10K per month? Are you able to keep the profits that you have made?
Because in trading, it's not about how much money you can make. It's about how much money you can keep.
That's the main thing, right? So yeah, please go and test it up. And yeah, by the way, when I talk
about trading strategy, I mean things like you need to take into account your risk management,
right? Your risk management, right? How you actually manage your capital. And then I'm also talking about
things like your entries. Okay, where do you enter for the trade, right? Where do you enter so that you
can get like the lowest risk and the highest reward? And then where do you get out of the
trades, right? And also things like your trading session, what time are you trading? And also
what currency pairs are you trading? All of this stuff needs to be inside your trading plan,
needs to be part of your trading strategy for it to actually work. So just quickly, just think of
all of this. Once again, I already did a video on how to actually do all of this, right? How to
actually map out your mechanical trading plan. But yeah, that's for strategy, right? So like I said,
the first thing you want to actually have is a profitable trading strategy. Because when you
have a profitable trading strategy, guess what? Your trading journey is going to be so much more
easier. Because you already have a strategy that is proven to work, that has already been back
tested and forward tested. And now you have confidence in your trading strategy because you
actually have trading data to back it up, right? So obviously, you're going to be confident.
Next is what I want to talk about and that is funding. Now, in order to make 100k, in order to
make 10k per month even, in order to make let's say $5,000 per month, you need funding, okay? You need
funding, buddy. What this means is that right now, if you're a beginner, you probably only have like
less than $1,000 in your bank account or something. Yeah. And you cannot afford to trade more than 10k,
right? Let's say right now, you can only trade 10k. Okay? So, oh my god. Magic button. Magic pocket
right here. Oop, wrong color. Magic pocket. So let's say right now you have 10k in your bank account or
your trading account. Know that you can only make, let's say $1,000 per month from trading
with 10k. $1,000 per month. That's the most that you can make. If you are following proper
risk management rules, like you know, risking 1% and all that stuff, the max is $1,000 per
month, right? You cannot make more than that. So in order to make 100k, right? Oh no, right here.
In order to make 100k per year, right? Let's just do the math a little bit. 100k per year,
that's at least like 10k per month. Okay? Let's be a little bit conservative and just set it at 10k
per month. So in order to make 100k per year, you need to make 10k per month. How do you make 10k
per month? If you are only trading with $10,000. That means you have to flip your 10k to 10k and to
20k, I mean, and that's going to be very hard to sustain. I can guarantee you that if you try to
flip your 10k to 20k, you cannot do that consistently. You cannot do that every single month. You cannot
flip 20k to 40k and then 40k to 80k and then 100k. It's not that simple, right? Even though you have
like a profitable trading strategy and by right, you know, you are just going to win every trade. No,
that's not how it works because trading is a probability game, right? It is a probability game
where there's got to be a random distribution of wins and losses. So even though you have a profitable
trading strategy, you are not going to win every single trade. You will still lose some trades and
you need to take into account of the losses, right? So in order to make 10k per month, I'll say a minimum
amount of trading capital that you need to have is 100k. You need at least 100k to make 10k per month
and $10,000 of 100k is just 10%, right? So in order to make 10k per month, you need to make
a return of 10% every single month. And I can tell you that is also quite difficult already,
right? This is actually quite difficult. So to be even more conservative, by right,
you should have 200k in trading capital in order to make 10k per month, right? But let's say,
you know, you are a genius or rather you are better than the rest. You're able to make 10k per month.
So let's talk about how to get this in funding. How do you get 100k even though you only have less
than $1,000 in a bank account, less than 10k? You do that through prop firms, right? So
prop firms are basically companies which offers you funding and if you make a profit, they take a
certain amount of profit, right? So there's a lot of prop firms out there, right? So there's a lot of
prop firms out there. There is things like your FTMO, Alpha Capital Group, and then there's Fundednext.
There's a lot of prop firms out there. I'm not going to tell you which prop firm to use because
I'm not going to promote them or whatsoever. But what I would advise you to do is to just
stick with FTMO because this is the one that is the most trusted, the most reliable and most reputable.
The others, I mean, I wouldn't say much about them because yeah, this is just the most, the best one.
So if you had to choose one, I'll advise you to stick with FTMO. But FTMO is harder than the rest
because you need to have like a, you need to reach, it's going to be harder to pass the evaluation
phase and the verification phase because you have like a higher target to actually aim for, right?
But anyways, most trusted, most reputable always go to FTMO. Now, now that you have, you know,
like know exactly which prop firm that you want to use and you want to purchase like a 100k account,
right? But like I said, do not do this straight away. You should have tested out your trading plan.
You know, you should have tested out your trading strategy and have some sort of proof that you have
an edge because the last thing you want to do is to go immediately get a 100k account and you don't
really know how to manage risk properly and you end up breaking the rules and you lose the account
and you lose the fee that you had to pay in order to get this account, right? So that's not the
mindset to have. So like I said, I will advise you to only even get funded account like after six
months of trading, at least six months. And it's very important that you actually test out your
trading strategy. So 100k, let's say you want to make 100k from trading. Oh no, let's say you want to
make 10k per month, right? So we are getting 100k to make 10k per month so that we can actually take,
we can actually make 100k a year. Now, from this 100k, in order to even get this 100k,
you have to pass through phase one and then phase two and then eventually then you get that 100k,
right? After you pass through these two phases, right? And I'm not going to talk too much about
the details on like the phases, you know, the maximum drawdown, the profit target that you need
to actually aim for in order to pass each of these phases. You can find them on the website itself.
But what I'm going to do is that I'm just going to quickly give you like a quick strategy on how to
manage your risk using this 100k. How do you manage this trading capital? Very simple. Okay,
very, very simple. So let's solve, let's say start with 100k. Okay, let's erase all that. Now it's
time to do some math, ladies and gents, right? Because like I said, what you need is a very clear
cut plan in order to get to 10k per month. Okay, so let's say right now, today you have 100k
in your trading capital. This is your initial account balance. This is the money that you start
with. And your profit target is, let's say 110k because you go to FTMO. So you need to make 10%,
okay? You need to make 10% in order to pass phase one. Okay, that's for phase one, right? So yeah,
so your job is to make this 10%. How do you make 10% in one month? This is where my funding blueprint
come in, right? This is the blueprint that I've actually discussed with my coach and my coach has
already given it to me. Or whatever, no, not my coach, one of my colleagues inside 1% Club.
And he's also coaching the students, right? So yeah, so this is a plan that he has been using
to pass funding challenges. And it's also the plan that is really useful, right? I found
that it's really useful. So I'm just going to share it with you guys for absolutely free.
So start with 100k. So let's say you win a trade and you grow it to 100. Okay, let's assume that
every single time you take a trade, you are risking 1% on each trade, right? You are risking 1%
on each trade. That means you are risking $1,000 on each trade. And assuming that your minimum
risk to reward ratio is 1 to 3, because that's the one that you should aim for, right? 1 to
3 risk to reward ratio. That means if you risk 1%, you will make back 3% in return, all right?
The standard risk to reward ratio that you should all aim for. So if you are able to win the first
trade, this 100k just became 103k. And then let's say you win the next trade, this 103k just
become 106k. And then let's say you are still so lucky, you win another trade and you just
turn this into 109k. And right now you are just $1,000 away from that goal, right? Which
you can easily attain. This is if you are lucky enough to win 3 trades in a row, right? But
obviously, this is not going to happen all the time, right? You must either have a really
good trading strategy, like a very high win rate, or you are somewhat lucky. Let's be
honest, luck is going to play a part right here, right? Because like I said, trading is
random. Okay, now let's say if you lose, what happens if you lose? This is if you win. This
is the best case scenario. What is the worst case scenario? Okay, this is where the strategy
come in. The worst case scenario is that you lose 1%, okay? You lose 1% and now you're back
to 99k. You lose another 1%, okay? You lose 2 trades already, now you're back to 98k.
Now after you lose, after your account dropped to 98k, right? And you already lose 2%, what
I want you to do is to change this risk per trade, this 1% per trade, change it to 0.5%
per trade. So instead of risking 1% on each trade, you are only going to risk 0.5% on each trade
right now, until you are able to get your account balance back to 100k. And then from
100k onwards, you can continue risking 1% per trade until you reach 110k. So that is the
key strategy here in terms of passing your funding challenges, right? So let's say you
lose another, okay, so no, so you already 98k, right? Then you start to risk 0.5% per trade.
So you lose another trade and you are down to 97.5k. And then you lose another trade and
then you are down to 97k. Now obviously, you are not going to lose like so many trades in
a row. At some point of time, you are going to start winning. And when you start winning,
what happens? You make 0.5 times 3, that's about 1.5%. So that is when if you continue your
1 is the 3 restore ratio, you make 1.5%. You're able to bump up from here to 98.5k and then slowly
get back to this break even. Once you are back to initial account balance, just continue
doing the 1%. Change this back to risking 1% on each trade. And you do this until you
reach 110k. You just reach 1% per trade and you get the 1 is the 3, so you just need to
win about 3 trades. So in this case, in this strategy, you can see how you lost like 4 trades
in a row. And then you win 3 trades. I want to know, 3 trades minimum because you still have
1 more percent. So I will say 3 to 4 trades. You win 3 trades, you lose 3 to 4 trades.
And you just complete your phase 1. You just made 10%. And that is how you make 10k per month
from trading. By using this strategy. And I understand that it might get a little bit confusing.
So what I want you to do is that if you are unclear on this strategy, go and rewatch this
part. Rewatch over and over again. Take down notes and just test it out. Because trust me,
this is a strategy that has gotten a lot of our students at 1% Club funded. And yeah,
it's a strategy that one of the coach inside the 1% Club used to actually got multiple five
figure payouts. So yeah, I can tell you that this actually works. So that's for funding,
right? So that is basically how you achieve the funds in order to make 10k per month and
in order to make 100k per year. Like I said, that is 10% per month, right? That is actually
quite difficult to actually make. So the more amount of money that you have in your trading
capital, the easier it will be for you to make say 10k per month or 100k per year, right?
So I'll advise you to go for like 200k account, right? That's more conservative when it comes
to making 10k per month because in that case, you only need to make about 5% per month instead
of 10%. Right? So that is for funding. Last thing I want to talk about, let me just find
my green freaking marker. Freaking hell. I got one of the colors instead of green. Okay,
the last thing I'll talk about is the most important thing ever. And I know you're about
to fall asleep right now. So get up on your feet and shake your hands and shake your belly
or something and just slap yourself in the face and pay attention to what I'm about to say
for the next few minutes or so, right? Like I said, I'm going to wrap it up very, very fast.
This is about to end soon. So please don't fall asleep and listen to this. This is the
most important thing ever. And that is your mindset. Now, Brad, why are you talking about
mindset? Mindset, this is a trading video. Bro. This is what separates the bottom 99% of
traders from the top 1%. If you can master this one thing, you will not just be able to bank
consistent profits. You won't be able to sustain in this game for the long term, right? That means
that you are able to actually trade for the long term. Three years, five years, however long you
want to trade, you can only do that if you have a solid trading mindset. So let's talk about that.
How do you develop a proper trading mindset? Or rather, how do you achieve your goals?
First things first. First thing I want to talk about, okay, in this mindset training,
I'm not going to talk about things like your trading psychology lesson that you've probably
heard over and over again, like, oh, if you are greedy, do this. If you are feeling formal,
do this. Take some time off the charts, you know, learn about trading psychology. I'm not
going to talk about all those basic trading psychology advice. I'm going to talk about
something that works, something that will actually allow you to open your eyes. And that
is belief. Belief. Belief is the most important thing when it comes to achieving success.
If you don't believe that you can succeed, what you will do is that you will not take the actions
that will actually allow you to become successful. If you believe that you can become successful,
you are automatically going to be taking the actions that is aligned with your goals,
that's going to push you closer towards your goals and achieve success. So belief is the most
important thing. And if you don't believe me, here's why belief is so important. Belief,
when you believe something, you're going to do things that is in accordance with the belief,
right? So that is going to lead to your actions. Okay? So example, I believe that
trading is difficult. So things that I'll do is that, okay, since trading is so difficult,
I'm not going to bother study trading. Or even if I do study trading, I'm just going to half-ass it
because it's difficult and it's literally designed for me to fail. So why bother working so hard on
trading? Belief. Actions. Or I believe that risk management is pointless, right? Risk management is
pointless. It's useless. Why would you need to manage risk if you can just have a good trading strategy?
You just need a good trading strategy. As a result, what happens next is that you don't use a position
size calculator, you don't manage your capital properly, and you end up taking a bunch of stupid
trades, take big losses, and you quit trading because you just lost your entire life savings.
Belief lead to action. You can see how important this is. And your actions actually leads to your
reality, right? So understand that your current situation in life right now or in trading is the
result of all the decision, all the actions that you have taken. So you are 100% responsible of your
life, your current situation right now. That means if you can change your belief, you can change your
thoughts, you can change your actions, you can change your reality. This is something that not a
single trading guru talk about. And I can tell you that this is the thing that is going to make my
students unmatched. This is the thing that is going to take my students who learn this, become
millionaires. I know for a fact that this will actually create millionaires. If you can really
understand this loop, right? But the thing about changing your belief, it's hard. Because how a belief
was formed in the first place, it's based on your experiences, right? So imagine there's a scale right
here. Okay, there's a scale. And then there's a bucket right here. And this is a green bucket. And
then this is, let's say, a red bucket, right? So this is the bucket of positive experiences. And this is
the bucket of negative experiences. Okay, so positive experience bucket and negative experience bucket.
Every time you encounter a negative experience about something, you're adding more weight into the
negative bucket. So this scale will start dipping to the negative experience. And when this happens,
what you are doing is that you are forming a weak belief on that thing, right? So example, let's say
this is a scale on belief on how trading, how difficult trading is, right? This is a scale on,
that is your belief on how difficult trading is. So example would be, you start hearing your friends
telling you that, ah, bread, you can't do it, man. Like, trading is difficult. You know,
only 1% of the people become successful. Or trading is a scam. It's only for those people who
graduate from finance with fancy finance degrees and they work on Wall Street. Only they can become
successful. You can't do it. So you hear your friends saying this. What happens is that you are
adding water, adding weight into the negative experience bucket. And when you do that, what happens?
The scale tip towards the negativity. And you start thinking that trading is difficult.
It is difficult. And what happens next is that your mind, it will seek evidence to reaffirm that
belief. It's going to do everything it can to reaffirm this belief that trading is difficult.
So that's the first experience that you encounter, the first negative experience.
And now when you believe that trading is difficult, next thing you know, you pull up to the charts,
you enter for a trade. Anyhow, right, you don't have a plan whatsoever. Just anyhow,
just press the buy or sell button and you lose the trade. When you lose the trade, what happens?
Now, you reaffirm this belief. And you're adding more negative experience into the bucket.
Now, you really believe that, huh, I just lost a trade. Is trading really difficult like what they say?
Maybe I just suck at trading. Maybe I'm not born for trading. As a result, more negative experience.
And you can see this scale just keep on tipping in the negative scale favor. And you will always
have the belief that trading is difficult. And you will eventually lose money and quit trading.
This is the stuff that nobody talks about. I can guarantee you, if you're watching this far,
it's only 14 minutes in and you're still watching this, you deserve to know this.
Because this is something that literally nobody talks about. And how you tip this scale back in the
favor of the positive experience so that you can actually believe that, okay, trading is easy.
It's doable. Anybody can master trading as long as they put in the effort, they put in the time.
They show up every single day, regardless of how they feel, show up to the best and come hell or high
water, they're going to do everything they can to achieve their trading goals. Boom. That's how you
tip the scale to your favor. So how you tip the scale to your favor and really change that belief?
It's by adding more positive experiences. Okay. Here's the, here's the, here's the cool part,
right? The thing about your mind is that it cannot differentiate what happens in your mind
and what happens in reality. It cannot differentiate whatsoever. This is the cool part. This is the
secret here, guys. So listen up. So this means when you have a nightmare, just, just, just,
think about the times that you have a nightmare and you woke up and then you start feeling your
heart pumping very, very fast. Your palms are sweaty. This is because your mind perceives that
nightmare as a real life event that you have encountered in a physical world. It does not
know that it's just happening in your mind. It thinks that it is a physical real life event.
What this means for you is that what you can do is to create positive experiences in your mind,
right? Add these positive experiences in your mind in order to shift that belief about trading.
And when you do that, what you're essentially doing right here is that you're just adding a bunch of
positive experiences to strengthen your belief that you can succeed at trading. Trading is easy.
Risk management is useful, right? You can really use this to fix any problem that you encounter in
trading. Be it the false belief that you have of trading psychology is useless. Trading, this mindset
training is a bunch of bullshit. You can shift your belief back by doing this. And like I said,
you can add positive experiences by using your mind. And what you can do is to visualize,
right? Oh, visualization again is a bunch of bullcrap. No. Let me tell you why visualization works.
Because like I said earlier, your mind cannot tell the difference between what happens in your mind,
like a visualization or a memory in the past, then compared to something that happened in real life.
That means you can think of a past memory, or you can think about a future thought or a visualization.
Your mind is going to think that that's the same thing as what happened in real life.
That's why when you think about your fear, like just close your eyes right now and think about
something that you are genuinely scared of. Is it spiders or ghosts or I don't know,
like something random, something that you are scared of, you'll start to feel,
your palms start getting a little bit sweaty and you start to feel a little bit anxious.
This is why your, this is so important. Your mind literally can't differentiate
the difference between your past thought or visualization or what happened in real life.
So what you can do is visualize. When you visualize, your mind and body thinks that this has already
happened, right? This is your current reality. And this allows you to add more positive experiences
inside the market. Example, you visualize trading is easy. You visualize yourself seeing Meta Trader 4
profits on your screen. You visualize yourself going to the charts and just executing a trade without
any hesitation whatsoever. You visualize yourself marking up the charts within 10 minutes. When you do
that, once again, what are you doing? You are adding positive experiences inside the positive market.
And as a result, this scale is going to tip in favor of the positive experience market. So you're going
to develop the belief that trading is easy. Trading is easy, right? Trading is actually simple,
right? And when that happens, what happens next? When you have that strong belief that trading is
easy, it goes to your mind. And then it results in you taking actions in accordance with your belief
that trading is easy. You're going to start there. Okay, trading is easy. So I'm just going to
practice, you know, shop every single day, do my best, right? Every single day, come hell or high water,
I'm going to do everything I can to achieve my goals because it is possible. I'm going to create my
trading plan. I'm going to study the trading videos. I'm going to practice on the charts. I'm
going to do my backtesting. I'm going to jump my trades. And when this happens, what you are doing
is that you are getting better as a trader. You're improving as a trader. And when you improve as a
trader, obviously money come as a buy product. And this results in you having the reality that you
desire, all by changing the belief. And you do that by having some sort of positive visualization,
right? So this is not to say that, oh, all you need to do is to sit there and say, oh, I'm going
to become a successful trader. I'm going to become a millionaire. And automatically that will happen.
Like your bank account will just have $1 million inside the bank balance the next day after you just
visualize. No, that's not how it works. Obviously visualize, but you need to put in the work.
You need to do the actions that is actually required in order to achieve your goals, in order to
achieve your desired reality. That is why this part is as important as this part. You need both.
You need good belief that results in great actions for you to achieve the goals that you want to
achieve, be it $100,000 per year or $10,000 per month. And if you can really master this formula,
you can make more than 100K per year. You can make more than millions of dollars. You can genuinely
bend reality to your will. And let me tell you something. This is what most highly successful
people do, right? That's how they achieve so much success. That's how they make billions and
millions of dollars. And it's all through this formula. And I've given it to you for completely free.
I've given you the strategy for completely free in this video. I've given you the mindset. I've given
you the funding blueprint that you need, everything you need in order to achieve that 100K mark in
order to become a successful trader who can bank consistent profits like what I promised at the
start of this video. So yeah, if you want more videos, more whiteboard videos just like this,
please go and comment down below because yeah, I don't know if this whiteboard videos actually help
or not. And it takes up a lot of my time, a lot of research of myself, right? But I'm basically
showing you what got me to the point that I am today. And yeah, just want to show everything
raw and unfiltered, right? No edits, no cuts whatsoever. So if you love this stuff, whiteboard
videos, right? Just go and like and comment on this video. And please at least subscribe. I've
just delivered my promise. I've just showed you exactly what I promised you at the start of this
video. So yeah, I hope that this video has helped you guys out. And if you want the free market
mechanics playlist, you can just click this playlist right here. If not, yeah, remember you're just
one trip away.
