I tried every single trading strategy you can think of, be it support and resistance levels
or voodoo candlestick patterns or even stupid indicators. And I found that none of them works.
And there's only one thing that actually works for me and it works really, really well and made
me a lot of money. And that one thing is called order blocks. This is really the secret sauce
that's allowed me to follow the smart money footprints. Don't worry, I'm not going to charge
you $997. I'm going to give it to you for completely free. So firstly, what are order blocks? Order
blocks are basically areas on price chart where large market participants like banks and financial
institutions place a substantial amount of buy or sell orders. That is why they are called order
blocks. It's literally in the name guys. Now order blocks and supply and demand zones, they are very
similar with just a few differences. The first difference is that order blocks are much more
effective than supply and demand zones. Because after all, the point of order blocks is to really
show us where smart money has entered into the market and where they are most likely going to
enter again. The second difference is different rules are used when identifying valid order blocks.
Now for a zone to be considered as an order block, it needs to meet four criteria, which I'm going to
show you later. Now the trick to identifying order blocks is to look for sharp and substantial upward
movement or downward movement. So in this case, you can see we got a sharp and substantial upward
movement right here where price is going up very aggressively just like this. In that case, you just
want to look for the candle right before this sharp and substantial upward movement. And then there's a
mouthful. So this is the candle right here. So in this case, you just need to draw a box marking the top,
the high and the low of this particular candle and this creates your order block. And then in a bearish
scenario, you should be looking for a sharp and substantial downward movement. And once again,
you look for the last candle, which created this sharp downward movement, this aggressively
down move, if that's even a word, and you just find the candle right there. And that is where you
basically drop the order block. It's really not rocket science, guys. It's just you look for that
one little candle before a sharp and substantial movement. And you'll just draw a box marking the high
and the low of that pivot candle. And there you have your little beautiful order block.
Like I mentioned just now, in order for a zone to be considered as an order block, it needs to meet
four criteria, right? It must meet every single one of these four criteria. If it does not meet a single
one of them, it is not an order block. It could just be like a normal supply and demand zone. So the
first rule is that the pivot candle must close below or above the previous candle.
So after identifying a sharp and substantial upward movement, just like this, we are able to identify
that this is actually the pivot candle where we can actually draw the order block. Now, knowing that
this is the pivot candle, you need to ensure that this pivot candle close below the previous candle
because this indicates that institutional buyers are stepping in, absorbing sell orders and preparing
to push price higher. So looking at these two examples that we have right here, this pivot candle
did close below the last candle. But this pivot candle did not manage to close below the previous
candle since this previous candle went all the way down here, right? So this pivot candle actually
closed up here. So it's not really considered as a valid order block in this case. The second
criteria is that the order block must cause imbalance. What that means is that there must be a gap.
How do you know there's a gap there? You basically look at the high of the pivot candle and then you look
at the low of the next candle in this case right here. And you can see this creates like a little
gap that we have right here. What this gap tells us is that at this point of time, smart money have
entered into the market and it has managed to push price aggressively up so much that it left a gap
behind, telling us there was a large amount of demand stepping into the market at this point of time.
And then in this example right here, there was actually no gap because if you look at the high
of this pivot candle and then you look at the low of the next next candle in this case, it's pretty
much at the exact same price, right? So since there is no gap right here, this order block cannot be
considered as valid. Therefore, making it an invalid order block. The third criteria is that an order block
must be unmitigated. It must be fresh. That means price cannot actually tap into it. If it tap into
it, then it has already been mitigated. And what this means is that the orders yet to be filled within
this order block itself, it has already been filled by the smart money. You must understand why an order
block is formed. At this point of time, this is where smart money have entered for a large amount of
buy orders, right? So knowing this, this creates an order block. This means that at some point of time,
price is most likely going to come back into this order block, right? Fill up the remaining buy orders
yet to be filled before going up even further. Now, in this case, since it has already been mitigated by
this particular candle right here, what this does is that the orders yet to be filled within this order
block has been filled by the smart money, right? So right now, price is most likely going to go up there
and it's very less likely going to come down and mitigate it. However, there is still a chance that price
could come down here and mitigate it in the future. But it's just less likely since it has already been
mitigated. The strongest order blocks are always those that is fresh, new and unmitigated. The fourth
criteria is that it must lead to a break of structure. So in this case, this order block right here, it led to
this break of structure, making this a valid order block. And then this one right here led to this break of
structure, making this a valid order block. And then this one led to this market shift. Once again,
it's also a break of structure, but it's just like a reversal in the structure and making this still a
valid order block. And then this is also going to be a valid order block because it did lead to a break
of structure. So those are the four rules of order blocks, right? You must ensure that the point of
interest or the zone must meet all four of these criteria for it to actually be considered as a real
order block. If it does not meet a single one of them, it is not an order block. It could just be a
supply and demand zone or just an ordinary stupid zone that is not going to work. So now let's apply
what we have learned and really learn how to differentiate between valid order blocks and
invalid order blocks. So this order block right here, right? We saw that there was a sharp and
substantial upward movement. Cool. And then we know that this is the pivot candle that led to this
movement. And did this pivot candle actually close below the previous candlestick low? Yes, it did.
Cool. Is this unmitigated? Yes, it is, right? And was there some form of gap? Yes, there is. There's a gap
between the high of this candle and the low of the next candle. Okay, cool. There is unmitigated. It
caused imbalance. There is a gap at a close below the previous candlestick low. And did it lead to a
break of structure? That's the last criterion. It did, right? It did lead to a break of structure.
In this case, this tells us that this is a valid order block. So we can expect price to come down
here at some point of time, mitigate it before going up even further. And then let's look at this
next zone right here. Do we have a sharp and substantial upward movement? Yes, we do, right?
But look at this pivot candle. This pivot candle did not close below the previous candlestick low,
which is right down here. In this case, this is an invalid order block. And then let's look at this
next zone right here. In this case, sharp and substantial upward movement. But the thing is
there is no gap, right? You can see there is no gap. This is the high of this pivot candle and the low
is like all the way down here. There is no gap. That is why there is no imbalance whatsoever. And
this zone has also been mitigated, right? Which means smart money have already used this zone. In that case,
we can just ignore about this zone right here. And then the last zone that we have right here. Okay,
sharp and substantial upward movement. Cool. Is it unmitigated? Yes, it is. Did it cause imbalance?
Yes, there's some form of, there's a small little gap right here. The marker that I'm drawing right
here is way too big. But yes, there's a little bit of gap right there. And then this did close below
the last candlestick low, making this a valid order block. So then now that you understood theory,
let's go on to the charts and apply what we have learned so far. And really ensure that you get a
deep understanding of the order blocks before you actually go and apply it onto your real account
with your hard earned money. Now, how do you actually trade order blocks? Where do you enter
and where do you exit? That's what I'm going to cover next, right? I'm going to show you my entire
order block strategy from top to bottom. First thing you must understand is that there are two ways to
actually enter for a trade using this order block strategy. The first way is called a risk entry method.
And then the second way is called the confirmation entry method. I'm going to show you the pros and cons
of each. And then based on this, you can decide which works best for you and then pick that one,
right? So firstly, let's talk about the risk entry method. So based on what we have right here,
let me just identify the order blocks. There's perhaps one like right here. You can see there's
a large amount of imbalance right here. And then there is a gap. It's unmitigated, blah, blah, blah.
We know that. Okay, cool. There is an order block right there. Okay. And then this is the pivot candle
that caused this sharp and substantial downward movement. And since price has already came all
the way down here, yes, there is still a chance that price could potentially move up there,
mitigate it, and then go on even further. But let's look at what we have right here because we
have another order block, right? So that is another order block right there because once again,
there is your sharp and substantial downward movement. Okay. That is your gap. And then this
also led to a break of structure to the downside that we have right here, where price,
where price, I don't know why I just said that, where price has just broke past the last swing
low, right? So that is your bearish break of structure to the downside. Okay. So now you can
see we got these two order blocks right here. The question you guys are going to ask me is,
okay, cool, Brad, which order block is price going to go? I have no idea. All right. I don't have a
crystal ball. I'm not a fortune teller. I have no idea. Okay. So if you are using the risk entry method,
that means you are most likely going to be placing a sell order at the edge of the zone itself.
That means when price eventually go up there, touches the zone, you'll be tapped into a sell
position automatically by your broker. And then you are praying for the best, right? You're praying
that, you know, price will not heal stop loss and price will just go in your way. You're praying
that this order block will work. So that's the risk entry method. All right. Basically placing
a sell or buy limit order at the zone itself. And then once price step into the zone, your broker
get you into the trade. The bad thing about this risk entry method is that you don't have extra
confirmation, right? That means sometimes price can just blow right past your order block. In that case,
you have lost this trade right here because you didn't actually wait for confirmation. Okay. But we
are talking about that later. For now, let's say you actually decided to go for a risk entry method
and you place your sell order at the edge of this order block right here and you place your stop loss
above the order block itself. And then for a tick profit, you can place your tick profit at the
next structure, be it the next swing low, right? You always look towards the left. So if I look
towards the left right here, I'll see that based on the structure, this is the last swing low that we
have right here because this is the last time price actually pull back all the way down here and then
goes all the way up there and break structure right there. So this is the last swing low. So you can
potentially target that last swing low that we have right there. Or you can even target the opposing
order block, right? The next order block, which could potentially be this area right here. This
is the next order block, right? So all in all, this looks exactly the same. So let's say you decide
go for a risk entry right there. Let's see how this play out. Okay, cool. Right here, you got to tap
into the trade. Let's just continue to see what price does. Okay, you can see supply stand to the market
and bam, you hit take profit. Congratulations. Now here comes the brokies. Oh, Brad, you could have just
cherry picked this. You know, like this is like a perfect zone. You just bar replay. Anybody can do it in
bar replay. I agree with you. That is why I don't really like to use this risk entry because for every
one order block that actually work, there is like five other order blocks that don't actually work. That's
just the nature of the irrational and unpredictable market. Before I show you the next method, let me just
show you more examples on this risk entry method. So let's look at what happens next. Okay, price just
blow right past that and then we are looking for our new order block. Okay, price has stepped into
this. Actually, this new little, okay, this is not really order block. This is more of like a supply
zone because it did not met all four of these criteria, right? You know, there was no gap. It's
also been mitigated whatsoever. So this is just an ordinary supply zone, right? But I can see price
step into this. Okay, it came down here. Okay, cool. Now we can draw our new order block right
here, right? This is the pivot candle that led to this sharp and substantial downward movement that
we have right here. Okay, so this is our new order block and let's say we put our risk entry right
there once again, right? We are entering for a sell at the edge of this zone and then let's just see
what price does. Does it actually go up there? Nope. I don't think it has went all the way up there.
Okay, so let's just look for another order block. Okay, there's another order block right there.
Okay, and then let's place our risk entry right there. Okay, let's just, once again, this is what
you guys do, right? Risk entry. Boom, you are tapped into the trade right here. Nice. At this point of
time, I will target the previous swing low. Once again, where is the previous swing low? Okay, so this
will be the previous swing low. You always look towards the left, right? So this is the previous swing
low. Target just right there. And then let's just see whether we hit take profit right there.
Okay, it came down here. Okay, I believe we are going very near to take profit, right?
Bam, you hit your take profit right there. Congratulations! You just won two trades out of,
I don't know, 10. So as exciting as this risk entry are, sometimes they just don't really work,
right? Because sometimes price can just tap into this order block and then just blow right past it
and then just reverse and hit up and just go against you. In that case, you have lost this trade,
right? So if you want to get a higher win rate, that is where you need to deploy what I call a
confirmation entry. So unlike the risk entry, where you're entering straight away after price
tap into your order block, on a confirmation entry, you are waiting for extra confirmation
after price has tapped into the order block. And if you use this method, you will get a much higher
win rate because you will actually be waiting for confirmation that shows you, that confirms to you
that the order block is actually working. And it's not just like a fake useless order block that price
is just going to blow right past it. Step one is to draw your order blocks, obviously. So over here,
we saw that there was a sharp and substantial downward movement just like this. So in this case,
we can actually draw our order block at a pivot candle, right? So for this right here is a little bit
weird, right? Because it's a very large aerial. So I'll just mark this entire aerial as my pivot
candle right here from the high to the low of this pivot candle. So now that we got our order block
right here, right now we are just waiting for price to come back up here. Now for confirmation entry,
we are not going to be entering straight away with price tap into the zone. We are going to be waiting
for the structure to shift once price tap into the zone, right? To get that extra confirmation.
What I mean is that I want to see this little pullback to be over. Basically, right now price
has turned bullish to facilitate the pullback. So what I want to see on a 15 minute time frame
is for this little bullish uptrend, this little pullback to be over, right? So in that case,
I need to look for some form of market shift, right? So let's just continue to look at a price
pulling back. All right, you can see price pullback and then finally tap into our order block that we have
right here. So based on this, this was the last break of structure to the upside, right? Since
this is the last break of structure to the upside, we know that this one right here is the lowest point
that led to this break of structure, making this the last swing low. That means if price comes down
there and break past this last swing low, that tell us that this pullback is over and right now price
is turning bearish and is aligned with the higher time frame trend. And right now price is about to
go down even further, right? To continue the bearish order flow. So in this case, like I said,
this is what confirmation entry is all about. It's waiting for the extra confirmation that tell you
that structure has shifted before you actually enter for a sell. So at this point of time, I'm still
waiting because it has not given me a valid market shift yet, right? Like I said, if you are playing
the risk entry, you would have gotten in right here. But in this case, we are looking for the
confirmation entry. So I'm just waiting still, waiting until price broke structure.
By the way, this is more for swing traders, okay? So we are right there. This is where we
officially got a market shift right now, right? And this tell us that, cool, right now, this pullback
is over. This bullish internal structure has officially shifted bearish and the internal structure,
the lower time frame trend is aligned with the higher time frame trend, which is bearish.
Now everything start to click like clockwork, baby. All right? So this is where you got a market shift
right here. Okay, cool. Now, this is where we start looking for our entry. Now, to refine my entry,
what I like to do is to look for more order blocks that is within the entry time frame, which in this
case, since I'm entering the trade on a 15-minute time frame, I want to look for some form of order
block within the 15-minute time frame itself, right? So based on this, I can spot that, okay,
there is a little order block right there. Okay, there's one order block right there. And then
perhaps there's another one, I'll say right here, but this one has been mitigated. So it'll be this
one right here. Okay, this one right here. Once again, sharp and substantial downward movement
right here, guys. Let me just draw it out for you guys to see. Sharp and substantial downward
movement. Sharp and substantial downward movement. And you can see this one right here,
it also did lead to a break of structure. Okay, and there was a gap, so on and so forth. Pretty
much a few, all four criteria. So now, like I said, I don't actually know which zone price is
going to respect. So I'm just going to wait and see, right? So, okay, price eventually come up into
this zone right here. Okay, there's a chance that at this zone it's going to go. Okay, but we still
wait for actual confirmation. Okay, you can see price actually ended up going even further, came all the
way up here to our extreme order block that we have right here. And somewhere along the lines,
you just blow right past it. Okay, tap into this order block right here. So this one, we can just
completely get rid of. Now, at this point of time, this is where you can actually enter for a sell
right here at the edge of this zone. And if you do actually enter for a sell right here at this order
block, if you think about it, it's still some form of risk entry because you are still not
waiting for the extra confirmation, right? So for it to be really a confirmation entry,
in this case, I will go down to the lower time frame, the five minute time frame and wait for
this little pullback to be oval, right? This bullish pullback once again to be oval. And then that is
when you can potentially get your confirmation entry in right there, right there, ladies and gents.
Look at this. Internal structure on a five minute time frame. This is the last internal higher low.
This is more for advanced traders already. We got the market shift to the downside, which tell us that
right now, price is officially shifted bearish. And that is where you can enter for your sell
position right there. Okay, so you can enter for a sell right here. Place your stop loss above this
order block itself. And then like I say, you can take profit at the next structure or the next
order block that we have right down here. Okay. So yeah, this is potentially what a confirmation
entry is about. It's really waiting for the extra confirmation before you pull the trigger,
right? If you want to even go like more extreme, right? More advanced, instead of entering right
here, what you could have potentially done is to wait for price to pull back after this market shift
into this area right here, right? This entire demand zone right there. And then you enter at the edge
of this demand zone. And in this case, you can see this is a one is the six risk throughout ratio trade,
right? It's a very refined entry. Okay. But yeah, like I said, this is more advanced stuff,
right? And right now, if you are a beginner, take things slow, right? Master the risk entry first,
then go and master the confirmation entry, and then find out what works best for you. And then based on
the data that you have collected, go and stick to that particular method, whether that is risk entry
and confirmation entry. For myself, based on my own experience, I found that the confirmation entry
just works so much better for me because I found that when I use the risk entry, sometimes the order
block just blow right past it. And I just take a bunch of losses that I wouldn't have taken if I
just look or rather wait for the confirmation in the first place. Now, to be honest, order blocks itself
is powerful. But if you want to make it even more powerful, you need to combine it with liquidity
concepts. And if you can combine these two concepts, it's like having x-ray vision on the market.
You can actually see where smart money entered into the market and where they are most likely going
to enter. And I can kind of predict and you can just do some witchcraft on the market. So if you
want to learn more about liquidity concepts, you can watch this video right here. And as always,
remember you are just one trade away.
I feel so weird kissing my little camera bro. It's like I'm cheating on the main camera.
