Have you ever wondered what it's actually like to make 100k a month with just one simple strategy?
It might sound like a fantasy, but for the past two months, I've been consistently hitting six
figures in my trading account. So today, I'm pulling back the curtain to show you exactly
how I make it happen. This is a systematic approach that turned my trading game around.
So focus, take note, because what you're about to see could change the way that you trade forever.
So this right here is the holy grail to trading. It's that one simple entry model.
Oh, Brett, what are you talking about? What is this monstrosity? This looks so complicated.
My 5IQ brain can't comprehend this complex, majestic strategy. Don't worry, all right?
Calm your tits. I'm going to break it down to three simple steps for you.
So let's take a look at the bullish scenario first. The first step is always going to be
identifying the trend direction so that you can get your clear directional bias, whether price is
bullish or bearish. So in this case, we see price goes up, pulls back, and then goes up and break
structure, right? So obviously, this is bullish because we literally got a bullish break of
structure to the upside. Price has just broke through this weak high right here. So now, after a break of
structure, we're anticipating price to start pulling back. And we know that in a bullish market structure
just like this, we are trying to capture this new higher low so that we can trade in continuation
with that overall bullish trend direction. So that's always going to the first step, right?
You want to identify your trend direction by mapping out your market structure to determine whether
price is bullish or bearish. And ideally, you want to trade in alignment with that overall trend
direction, right? So in this case, once you have identified your trend direction, the second step is
to just determine your point of interest, to map out your supply and demand zones or your order block
or flip zones, whatever point of interest that you want to be trading from. Because if you don't
clearly define your point of interest, you're going to be taking a bunch of random trades at anywhere
when price is in the middle of nowhere. And these are all low-property setups, right? So we want to
mark out our point of interest. And in this case, we saw that there's only one demand zone right here,
right? This is the extreme demand zone that led to the break of structure, right? But obviously,
sometimes price is not going to be so straight up like this, right? Price can go up, pulls back,
and then create like a minor pullback just like this. And in that case, there'll be a demand zone
here, and then there'll be a demand zone here, right? So you basically want to map out all your
point of interest on the medium time frame, right? Which could be the four-hour time frame for you
if you are a swing trader, or it could be like a 15-minute time frame for you if you are a scalpel.
So once you have clearly defined your point of interest, the next step is to just wait for price to
mitigate their point of interest, right? So I will actually advise you to set an alert at the edge
of the zone itself. At the edge of this demand zone, once price step into it, that is where
my alert goes off. I'll go and analyze the charts and look at my entry model. Okay, here's the magical
part. And this is really like the secret on how you can get those sniper precise entries. Once price
mitigate your point of interest, that is where you want to look for this entry model itself. It's
called the fake market shift entry model. So basically doing this pullback phase right here,
we want to see some form of strong liquidation, right? What the hell is strong liquidation? What
are you actually yapping about, Brad? So a strong liquidation occurs when price actually liquidate
a strong low or a strong high. Here's what I mean, right? Price doing this pullback just like this,
we know that price have shifted bearish, which means price is creating lower highs, lower lows,
lower highs, lower lows, right? So in a bearish scenario just like this, all these highs are strong
highs, right? Because it's strong highs that led to price breaking past the weak lows, right? So all
of these are strong highs. And later on, price actually came down here, right? It came near the
point of interest and it actually went up there and take out our strong high. When this actually
happens, we know that this is a market shift, which confirmed to us that there could potentially be
like a shift in structure. But in this case, this was just a fake market shift, right? Because what
happened is that price actually came up there, swept the available liquidity above this high right
here for price to continue going down even further, right? So this is what we call a fake market
shift. Because if this market shift were to drop, price will actually start creating higher highs
and higher lows. And then this will be that new higher low in this overall swing structure, right?
In this overall bullish trend direction. Okay, but that did not happen because the bearish internal
structure continue, right? Which means that price is still pulling back even deeper into potentially
this extreme demand zone that we have right here. When this actually happens, right? When you get a
fake market shift just like this, this low becomes a strong low, right? It's no longer a weak low
because this low led to price breaking past that strong high, right? So making this a strong low,
which means that it's going to be a lot of available liquidity below this strong low.
Because what happened is that a lot of retail traders, they're going to be entering for a buy like
somewhere right around here. Once they see that market shift, they think that,
oh, the pullback is over and right now we're going to go to the moon. So I'm going to enter for a buy
right here and I'm going to place my stop loss below this low like a stupid retail trader.
And when that happened, this build up available liquidity below the strong lows right here.
Because you must understand that if they're entering for a buy right here and if they get
stopped out, their buy orders get converted into sell orders. What this means is that if you are a
smart money, right? If you are the big banks, the financial institutions, and you want to enter for a large
amount of buy orders at this demand zone, but there is no one on the opposing side to fulfill
your large amount of buy orders because no one have billions of dollars just sitting around their
house, you need some form of liquidity. And where are you going to get the liquidity from? You're
going to get it from the retail traders' stop losses, right? Because remember, if they get stopped
out, if all these retail buyers get stopped out, their buy orders get converted into sell orders,
which is able to fulfill the smart money's large amount of buy orders. Boom! Magic! This is exactly
why sometimes smart money will actually do this shit, right? They will manipulate price, cause this
fake market shift just to build up more available liquidity below this low. And then later on,
price will come down there and they will swap all the available liquidity below this low.
And then the real move will actually happen to the upside because now they actually have
sufficient liquidity to move the market in their favor. So this is where you actually want to enter
into the trade. You want to enter upon strong liquidation, right? Which means upon this fake
market shift during the pullback phase itself. Okay, so just a quick recap. The first thing is to
identify a trend direction, right? So in this case, we saw that this is the bullish break of structure,
and now we are anticipating price to pullback. And where is price going to pullback to? That is where
we have to mark up our point of interest. We see that there's our demand zone right here,
potentially another demand zone right here. And now we want to wait for price to pullback and mitigate
either one of these demand zones. And then once it does, we want to look for our entry model,
which is our fake market shift entry model itself, right? So in this case, price started pulling back,
pulling back, pulling back. And in this case, since this is the only demand zone, right? We are not
doing anything until price mitigate that demand zone. Once price mitigated demand zone, that is where I
want to look at the pullback phase itself. And I want to see whether I got my entry model, right? Whether
there was any strong liquidation in the form of fake market shift. If there is, cool. That is where I
can start looking for my entry. And when I start looking for my entry, there's two types of entries
that we can actually deploy. One is called the aggressive entry, and the other is called the
conservative entry. Once again, this depends on your risk tolerance and your personality, right? If you
are more conservative, you want to play it safe, you want to have the most safest route, by all means,
go ahead, use the conservative entry. If you are more aggressive, you want to get in as soon as
possible after price, swap the available liquidity below this low, then there is where you can use
the aggressive entry. Just take note that if you use the aggressive entry, what can potentially
happen is that price can continue going down even further, right? Before we get a strong move to the
upside, right? Let me just explain to you what are the differences between these two entries.
First of all, the aggressive entry states that you want to enter upon the candlestick that swap
liquidity, right? So in this case, we know that there is strong available liquidity below this
strong low right here, right? So we want to see price swap that low. So once price actually break
past this low right here, there is going to be a candlestick, right? So this is what we call
the candlestick that swap liquidity. So you want to wait for the candlestick that swap liquidity to
close, and then you want to place a buy stop order above the candlestick itself. Hopefully, when price
actually start reverse and go up, you can tap into the trade just like this, okay? On the other hand,
you got your conservative entry, which says that you need to wait for extra confirmation
before you actually enter for the trade, right? Which means you want to wait for some form of
market shift to confirm that the shift in structure or some form of flip, right? Some form of flip
reaction. So in this case, this is the nearest lower high that led to that liquidation itself,
right? So we want to wait for this lower high to get broken to confirm to us that, you know what,
the pullback is over, and right now we are moving to the upside, okay? So in this case,
once you got a market shift right here, that is where you can wait for price to pull back to your
lower timeframe demand zone that led to this market shift itself, and then that is where you can look
for entry. As simple as that. This is your confirmation entry. This is your conservative
entry. You basically want to identify the nearest structural lower high. You want to see that get
broken to confirm to you that right now the demand has overpowered supply, and then you want to wait
for price to pull back to that demand zone that led to the market shift itself, and then that is where
you want to look for your entry. Once again, you must understand that there's pros and cons to the
conservative entry and the aggressive entry. The good thing about the conservative entry is that
it gives you more confirmation, right? Which means you have more confidence. But the bad thing is that
it might lead to more missed trade opportunities. Because sometimes what can happen is that price can
come down here, right? Swap this low right here, and it just goes up without pulling back just like
this. In that case, if you're waiting for an entry model, you're waiting for a conservative entry,
you would have missed your trade setup. My advice is simple. Test the aggressive entry out and test
the conservative entry out. And then based on data that you have gathered through countless of back
testing and forward testing, find out one that works for you and stick to it consistently. Because
at the end of the day, consistent actions lead to consistent results. Now let's look at the bearish
scenario right here. In this case, price goes down, pulls back, and then goes down. Create like a minor
pullback just like this before going down even further. Okay, so in this case, we have identified our
trend direction, which is obviously bearish because price actually led to a bearish break of structure
when it take out this low right here. So in this case, we know that price is going to start turning
bullish to facilitate that pullback. Now in this case, that is your extreme demand zone that we
have drawn out right here. And it could potentially be another demand zone right here, right? At this
structural pullback right here. So in this case, what you want to do is simple. You want to set your
alert at the edge of the point of interest, right? I personally would set an alert right here and
right here. And then when price is like right here in the middle of nowhere, I'm not going to be doing
anything. I don't care what price is going to do. I only care when price start mitigating my point
of interest, okay? So this is where when price start mitigating your first point of interest,
just like this, you want to look for your entry model itself, right? You want to look for any form
of fake market shift. In this case, do we get any fake market shift right here? No, because price
just created higher highs, higher lows, right? There is no strong liquidation, no market shift
whatsoever. It's just the corrective nature of the pullback. And then over here, price just blasts
right through this point of interest, right? In that case, we know that this point of interest is
no longer relevant to us. And that is where we can just neglect it. And that is where we want to wait
for price to mitigate our next point of interest, which is this extreme supply zone right here.
Once again, this zone is going to be much more high property because of the fact that it's literally
that last line of defense. Price has to hold in order for price to remain bearish. Okay, so in this
case, we are still not doing anything until price step into our medium-time free point of interest
that we have right here, our extreme supply zone. Once it does, that is where I will go and look for
my entry model. I want to see strong liquidation. I want to see fake market shift happen during the
pullback phase itself, right? So that is where I will look from left to right, right? Is that pullback
here? Yes. Is there strong liquidation? No, right? Because price is just creating higher highs,
higher lows. And then based on this, you can see this is that last higher low, right? So if you're mapping
out your internal structure, this is that last higher low, and then this is that last high right here.
So if price take out this last higher low, internal higher low, we know that that is going to be a
market shift, right? So in this case, price took that out, and then it started reversing, right? So this
was obviously a fake market shift since price did not remain bearish, right? It continued the bullish
pullback. So in that case, fake market shift, we know that there is strong available liquidity
above this swing high right here, because this high has became a strong high since it led to
this market shift. So we know that there is available liquidity above that high. So now we
want to actually enter upon that liquidation, upon that strong liquidation of this strong high here.
Okay, so once price actually swept the available liquidity above the strong high right here,
we know that there is two ways where we can enter for the trade, either the aggressive entry or the
conservative entry, right? So in this case, let's say we use the conservative entry,
right? So in this case, we saw that this is that nearest higher low that led to the liquidation,
right? In that case, you want to wait for that low to get taken out. So in this case, price actually
created a flip reaction right here, right? So when there's a flip reaction, we know that there is a
flip zone right here. If you've been watching my videos, you will know that this is a flip zone because
this is a flip reaction, where it shows that supply has overpowered demand, right? So this is a flip
zone, and that is where we want to look for our entry right there, upon the mitigation of the flip
zone itself. Now with that said, let's go on to the charts and look at some quick examples. Okay,
so in this case right here, we saw that this is a bullish scenario, obviously, because price
actually created a bullish break of structure to the upside just like this. Okay, so since we got
our bullish break of structure, we can identify that this right here, ladies and gents, is our swing
low, right? So this is my 15-minute strong low, and then this right here is my 15-minute swing high.
So now that we have identified our 15-minute swing range, we know that we should only be focusing on
this area right here, which means we are not going to be caring about what's happening on the left
hand side, what's happening down here, all this monstrosity. It's not of our concern. So the next step
is to map out your point of interest, and we saw that this is that demand zone, right? You can see
this is that demand zone that led to a bullish break of structure, right? Price pullback, come down
here, boom, bullish break of structure. So now we are not doing anything until price bidding get our point
of interest, right? So if price is over here, it's like dancing around, consolidating, I don't care.
I'm setting my alert at this area here, and unless price step into this area, this is none of my
concern, all right? So we are not doing anything until price step into the point of interest.
So I'm just chilling, you know, smoking cigar, sipping on a margarita, whatever, and boom, price
step into my point of interest, I'm locked in. I'm putting out my charts, I'm looking for my entry
model itself. So at this point of time, I want to see some form of strong liquidation, right? So in
this case, I'll look at a pullback. Is there any form of strong liquidation whatsoever? So that is
where I'll start from left to right, right? I see price goes down, create lower high, lower low,
lower high, lower low. So no strong liquidation, no fake market shift, right? Because it's literally
just creating lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low, right? So in that case, we are not doing
anything. So I'm still waiting for my strong liquidation to occur. Price has came deep into my point
of interest. Okay, cool. And you can see right here, this is that last lower high, right? So
if that is going to have some form of strong liquidation, price need to take out this last
lower high, right? To give us a fake market shift. Boom, that actually happened, right? So in this
case, this is our market shift, right? This is our market shift. Right here, this is where we can
potentially wait for price to liquidate this strong low right here, and then we can look for our
entry. All right, so now we know that this low has become a strong low since it led to price taking
out this strong high here, and we know that there is a ton of available liquidity being built up below
this low because once again, retail traders are going to be entering for a buy here and placing
the stop loss below this low here, and we want to see that get liquidated. Okay, so you can see,
I want to see this low get taken out, which means whatever price is doing right here, none of you're
concerned, right? You don't care. You do nothing until this get taken out. Okay, so wait, wait,
wait. Boom, that get taken out right here. The minute that get taken out, that is where you can
start looking for entry. So if you're looking for the aggressive entry, you want to find the
candlestick that served liquidity, right? So the candlestick that take out this low here is this
candlestick itself. And if you're looking for the aggressive entry, what you will do is that you will
place a buy stop order above this candlestick itself, above the candlestick that served liquidity,
so just like this. So hopefully price reversed, and then you can tap into the trade, and then happy
days, right? You can potentially trade it all the way up here. Now, if you're waiting for the
conservative entry, you want to find that nearest lower high that led to the liquidation, right? So
based on this, we can see that price actually came down here and then led to the liquidation itself.
Is this the nearest lower high? No. Is this the nearest lower high? Yes. In that case, we know
that we want to see the price take out this, right? That is our factor market shift. And then
we want to wait for price to pull back to some form of zone that led to this market shift itself.
And then that's where we can potentially look for our entry, which means if you're looking for a
conservative entry, you shouldn't be doing anything until this get taken out right here,
right? So there's a, I want to see that get taken out. Boom, that gets taken out just like that.
Right? When that actually happens, that is where you can start looking for entry.
Okay? So for the conservative friends out there, once that get taken out, jump down to your lower
time frame. It could be the five minute or the one minute for you. And then that is where you want
to wait for price to pull back to some form of point of interest that led to this market shift.
So in this case, you can see that this is the extreme zone, right? Extreme zone that led to the
market shift itself. Lower time frame demand zone that led to this factor market shift. But what do we
have here as well? We got a failed reaction, right? Because price went up there, mitigate this
supply that we have right here on the left hand side. And when it mitigated this supply, it created
a failed reaction, right? You can see it created a failed reaction. And then the price came down here,
creating another failed reaction and then goes up, right? So in this case, we know that this
area right here is our flip zone, right? It's that point of interest that caused the supply to fail.
And it's that point of interest that confirmed to us that demand has overpowered supply,
right? So based on this, you can enter at the extreme zone itself, or you can enter the flip
zone. In this scenario itself, I'll most likely enter on the edge of the flip zone, right? Because
a lot of times price can just create like a minor pullback like this after the market shift,
and then it just fly off, right? And if I want to enter the extreme zone, I might miss my trade
opportunity. So I enter the edge of the flip zone itself. Let's see what happens. Let's see if we can tap
in the trade. Boom, there we have it. That is where we can tap in the trade, right? We are in
for our buy position at the moment. And this is where you can target 3R just like this. And you
are probably placing your stop loss below the flip zone, right? But in this case, because there was
a lot of demand right here, right? Which proved to us that this flip zone is working. I will
personally just place my stop loss below this bullish candlestick right here. And I can potentially
place my take profit at like this next swing high here. Or you can even place it at like
5R, right? Just to be very simple and mechanical, right? So in this case, you wait for price to hit
your TP. You're not doing anything. You're not panicking. Boom, price match your TP. As simple as
that, right? Just like that, you almost got stopped out, right? But you're smart enough to place your
stop loss a little bit below the bullish candlestick low, right? Not just like this, because you need to
give your stop loss a little bit of breathing room, right? But what can potentially happen is that if
you want to play it safe, you can just place your stop loss below the flip zone instead of placing
it below this bullish candlestick as well. So once again, really up to you. But in this case, we smash
our take profit as simple as that. So now that we have broken down the chart and walked through the
entry model in theory, it's time to see it in action. So what you're about to watch next is a live
trade recording where I executed this strategy in real time. And guess what? I made 35k in 30 minutes.
What? That someone's 6-month salary right there, bro. Enjoy the video. Well, that was faster than I
thought. I literally just came back from dinner and we had just made 35k. Okay, we literally just
got tapped into the trade. As you can see right here, we placed a sell stop order below this 15-minute
liquidation candle right here, right? Because what happened was that we got a fake market shift over
here on the lower time frame. Let me just show you what that looks like, all right? But before that,
let me just give you some context on the higher time frame, right? Because if you guys don't
understand where price is at right now, what's the structural, what's the directional bias,
no point of me showing you where the liquidity is at, all right? So first of all, just look at this.
We got price pushing down to the downside. And then right now, price turned bullish to facilitate
the pullback, right? So the internal order flow started shifting bullish. And where is it putting
back to? It's potentially putting back to this 15-minute swing high that we have right here,
right? It's a strong high. And you can see this is the extreme supply zone that once again swept the
liquidity above this swing high here as well, right? So this is the extreme zone. We waited
very, very patiently for price to come up into the extreme zone. And when it did, this is where so
many retail traders, they got induced to enter for a sell position early, right? They entered
immediately after price, step into the extreme supply zone. And then they start placing a stop loss
above these highs. Guess what? Liquidity. And then look at what happens on the lower timeframe.
Price comes up, pulls back, goes up again, comes down here, creating a fake market shift,
faking out so many goddamn retail traders once again to enter for a sell too early, right? Just for price
to build up more available liquidity above this strong high. Now, why is this a strong high now?
Because this high led to price breaking past this strong low right here, right? Giving us
a fake market shift. And then later on, price went up there and liquidated that strong high that we
have right here, right? And it pretty much grabbed all the available liquidity above this inducements
here and also above this swing high here as well. And then tapping into our extreme refined point of
interest that we have on the five minute timeframe. I'm telling you the market is arts and my trade is
playing out beautifully. This is what happens when you understand liquidity and you understand what
time to trade, right? So we pretty much waited very, very patiently for all the goddamn liquidity
to be swept. And then we place like a sell limit order. I mean, sell stop order after our alert was
set off when price mitigated this supply zone, right? But the first step is always to get a clear,
directional bias on what the market is trying to do. Where is it right now? And where is it trying
to go? And then the next step is to identify that high property zones, right? So as you can see right
here, this is high property zone because it's swept liquidity. It's also the extreme zone last time
lot of defense. Very, very refined chef keys, creme de la creme zone. And yeah, just patience,
right? Wait for price to mitigate the zone. Alert, set off, ding, ding, ding. And then we just
entered after we got that liquidation. So yeah, very, very simple bread and butter trade. You can
see right now it's also the overlap between London and New York, right? So we can expect some liquidity
to step into the market, especially since price has just swept all the goddamn stop losses that we
have over here, all the buy side liquidity right here. And by the way, our take profit is at this zone
right here, okay? Just the edge of this zone. You know what? For this trade, I'm just gonna
practice my detachment by just closing my phone. I'm not even gonna look at the P&L at all. Just
gonna be completely monk-like. So just get this away from me, right? Just gonna be in this tranquility
mode, all right? Just focusing on the raw price section right now. And you can see where price
is at right now. We are probably gonna expect a little bit of resistance, right? Because this is
indeed that point before liquidation or the block before liquidation, right? Where we got price
pushing up, demand stepping to the market and causing price to actually sweep the liquidity
above these highs. So ideally, we want to see this zone fail, right? Which proved to us that
the supply has overpowered demand. And right now, we are going to continue to the downside.
Now, looking back at the entry, I realized that we could have probably got in at like a much better
timing. Because we got in only after the sell stop was triggered when price actually pierced through
the liquidation candle right here, right? So yeah, if you look at a 5-minute time frame,
we could have entered after price closed below this 5-minute liquidation candle instead of that 15-minute
liquidation candle, right? So just by doing that alone, my risk throughout would have been
pretty fucking crazy, yeah? Yeah, pretty damn crazy. Yeah, so you know what? We will work on our
entry next time, get a much more precise entry using this entry model. But yeah, this is what I do when
I'm actually winning. All right, guys, we're gonna set and forget this trade. I'm gonna go for a dinner
now. So let's just look at where price is at when I come back from dinner. Yo, what the fuck? Faster
than I thought. I literally just came back from dinner and we had just made 35k. Quick little trade,
not really surprised that I won this trade because this trade was quite simple to be honest. Pretty
much bread and butter. So yeah, there you have it, guys. Quick little 35k on EURUSD. This was a quick
little 30-minute scalp. Honestly, I'm quite numb to numbers at this point of time. It's just another
day in my life. Yes, guys, I'm still eating chicken breast and broccoli even though I make 6 figures a
month because life is expensive nowadays. Come to think of it, I've been eating chicken breast for like
5 years. What the f***? That, my friends, is how a strategy like this can turn a simple trade into a
35k win in just 30 minutes. By the way, I wasn't kidding about the chicken breast. Yeah, I enjoy a
good medium rare stick here and there. But most of the time, I'm still out here eating plain old chicken
breast because apparently even a woke 22-year-old trillionaire trading guru isn't exempt from the
gym bro diet struggle. Now, the best part is that this is just one of the seven entry models that we have
inside the 1% club. So, if you already dive deeper and take your trading to the next level,
scale to 6 figures, join us here in the 1% club and unlock all of our proven trading strategies.
With that said, remember, you're just one trade away.
