This might be the most important video that you must watch as a trader.
If you want to become successful at trading, you have to master how to trade Japanese candlesticks, no cap.
By the end of this course, you will be able to learn everything you need to know about trading Japanese candlesticks from A to Z.
And this course is suitable for everyone, be it for beginners who know absolutely nothing about trading,
or for advanced traders who want to push their trading to the next level.
You are all welcome here. You will all learn something.
So this class is split into four parts.
Part one, I'm going to teach you how to read and understand candlesticks.
So this is like the basic, the foundation that you must get it right.
And then part two is how to trade these candlesticks on the charts.
After you have understood how to read and how to understand candlesticks,
you must learn how to actually trade them on the charts, how to actually analyze them.
And then we're going to move on to part three and four,
which we talk about the best candlestick patterns that you must use to profit from this market.
These are literally the candlestick patterns that made me over six figures trading.
And I'm giving it to you for free.
Let's get started.
So there are two types of Japanese candlesticks,
your bearish candlesticks and your bullish candlesticks.
So bullish candlesticks means price is going up,
and bearish candlesticks means price is going down.
So this one is going up.
So basically, this rectangle right here is what we call the candlestick body.
And this two thing right here is what we call the wicks,
all right, candlestick body and candlestick wicks.
So when you look at this,
this is the open price and this is the closing price.
So you can see a bullish candlestick will close above where it opened, right,
because price is going up.
That's why it will close above where it opened.
And then this is what we call the highest point price went to.
And then this is the lowest point price went to when this candle is formed.
And then as you can see,
the bearish candlestick opened above but it closed below
because price got pushed all the way down by sellers.
So once again, this is the same thing,
high and low,
lowest point price went to and highest point price went to.
And then like I said,
this is your upper wick and this is your lower wick,
lower wick and upper wick.
Or you can call them upper shadow or lower shadow.
It really does not matter.
Next, you guys must understand buying and selling pressure.
If you can understand this,
you do not need to memorize any candlestick patterns
because if you can understand this,
you can understand why candlesticks form the way they do.
So you can see like,
this is what we call the selling pressure
because at some point of time,
price literally went all the way up here.
This is the high
and it got pushed all the way back down
and it ended up closing right here.
It closed right here.
So this is what we call the selling pressure
because at some point of time,
price got pushed literally all the way up here
but then it got pushed all the way back down.
On the other hand,
if the candlestick look like this,
you can see like this,
this is the buying pressure, right guys?
Buying pressure,
which means right,
at some point of time,
price literally got pushed all the way down here, guys.
So low.
Forming this is what we call the low,
lowest point price went to
before it got pushed all the way back up
and ended up closing right here.
Get it, guys?
It's really just as simple as that.
This is your selling pressure
and this is your buying pressure.
So basically, when you see this candlestick,
whether it is green or red,
that means that buyers are coming into the market
and pushing the price up.
So price should continue going up
and form like some sort of like up candlestick like this.
And then if you see this candlestick right here,
that means that sellers are coming into this market
and pushing the price down.
So the next candlestick could be like
some sort of red candlestick
pushing the price all the way down.
So example,
when you see this candlestick at a resistance area,
this is your resistance area.
What does it mean, guys?
It means that sellers are coming into this market
and pushing the price down.
So we should enter for a sale.
And after we enter for a sale,
you should see like some sort of like red candlesticks
being formed right here.
Like this, pushing the price all the way down.
So basically, if you guys see a candlestick
that have like a long upper wick like this,
it means that it is bearish
and price is about to go down.
However, if you see a candlestick
with a long lower wick like this,
it means it is bullish
and price is about to head up.
One key thing to note is that
it really does not matter
what color of these candlesticks are.
It doesn't matter if this is green or red.
As long as it has a long lower wick,
it is bullish.
As long as it has a long upper wick,
it is bearish, all right?
Next, I want you guys to compare
these two candlesticks right here.
You can see this candlestick
has a longer body, right?
Well, this one has a shorter body.
So what does this mean?
This means that this candlestick
has more buying pressure, all right?
There is more buying pressure
because this candlestick has a longer body.
And then the longer body,
that means there is more volume,
more bias, and more momentum in the market.
So I want you guys to note
that the longer the body,
the stronger the buying or selling pressure.
So if you see like a long candlestick like this
compared to a short candlestick like this,
obviously this one have more power, right?
Like more volume inside the market
that is more momentum
compared to this small little boy right here.
That's why make sure you guys pay attention
to like the length of the candlestick body.
It really tells you guys a lot of story
and tells you everything you need to know
about price currently.
Next, if the candlestick body
does not have a wick at all like this,
like you can see,
it does not have like a lower or upper wick.
None of that, it's just a candlestick body, right?
This means that there is extremely strong
buying or selling pressure.
So if you see this green candlestick right here
with no upper or lower wick,
that means it's very strong buying pressure
and price is gonna continue going up.
And then on the other hand,
when you see this red candlestick
with no upper or lower wick,
that means there is a lot of selling pressure
and price is going to head down.
Next, I got a really important tip to show you guys.
If you guys can understand this,
it's really a game changer, all right?
So firstly, you need to watch the momentum
of the candlesticks.
So what I mean by that is that
you guys need to look at the length
of the candlesticks, all right?
Like you can see, this is a big candlestick,
this is a medium candlestick,
and then this is a small little candlestick, right?
So by looking at like the size of these candlesticks,
it tells us the momentum of the candlesticks itself.
So this big red candlestick tell us
that there is a lot of downward momentum.
And then followed by this one,
it shows us that, okay,
momentum is kind of slowing down a little bit
because the candlesticks are getting a little bit smaller.
And then look at this.
This means that there is very little momentum.
So there is not much sellers continue
to push the price down.
So when you see this approaching a support level,
like a key little support level right here,
guess what, enter for a buy
because this shows us that
the sellers are losing momentum.
Sellers are losing momentum.
So if you enter for a buy,
you'll probably see like price starts to make
some green candlesticks and go up like this.
So by watching the momentum,
you are able to see like this bearish move
is actually weakening.
It's getting weaker and weaker.
And then the buyers are gonna take over
and surpass these little sellers.
So if you guys know how to watch the momentum,
you will see that, okay, the sellers are getting smaller
and smaller and the sellers are going away.
So the buyers might come in to push the price out, right?
You have got an in right here for a buy
and then you will see price going up.
Guys, the longer the week,
that means that it's an increase in change
in market sentiment.
So if you recall just now,
I mentioned that the longer the lower week,
it means that the buyers are pushing the price up.
So what this means is that the downtrend
is actually losing strength, guys, losing strength.
So when you see this long lower week,
like chances are the next candlestick
will be some sort of like green candlestick
that is like pushing the price up.
And then when you see a candlestick
with a long upper week like this,
it means that the uptrend is losing strength
and price is about to head back down.
Now that you have understood
how to read candlestick patterns
and what all these candlestick means,
you have to learn how to apply them onto the charts.
And that is what I'm going to teach you
in the next part of this lesson,
which is basically how to analyze candlesticks
like a professional trader.
What you're about to learn is about to blow your mind.
I'm going to show you everything you need to know
about trading candlestick patterns
from beginning to the end.
Let's get right into it.
Focus on candlesticks at key level.
Do not look at every single candlestick
at every single time frame.
You should only be paying attention
to the candlesticks at a certain key level
or a trend line,
like when it is near a key level or a trend line.
So honestly, my advice to you guys would be
do not pay attention to the candlesticks in the middle.
Only like really focus on the candlesticks
that are forming near a key level like this.
Right here.
Because you do not want to get in
in the middle of nowhere, alright?
Do not get into the trade in the middle of nowhere.
So let's say if you get in for a buy
like somewhere around here,
your stop loss is below here
and then you'll take profit at this key level.
Then guess what?
That is a one risk to reward ratio
and that's not worth it.
On the other hand,
if you get in at a key level,
so you get in like somewhere around here
for a sell position,
your stop loss will place you above this resistance level,
take profit at the next
and you can see
it is a much better risk to reward ratio.
That is why I will always advise you guys
to only really focus on the candlesticks
at a key level.
Like look out for some sort of reversal candlesticks
being formed at like a very strong support
and resistance level
and then that will show you
that price is about to reverse
and you can trade in that direction.
Like example, in this case,
price has already made like a huge move.
Like this is where price currently is
and you do not want to get in here guys.
What you want to do is to wait for price
to get up to this next key level
and then look at the candlesticks
that is forming at this key level
before you decide whether you want to go in
for a buy or a sell.
So right now it's still wait, wait, wait, wait
and you can see like price is going up
to this key level
and then when price is up at this key level,
then you can focus on the candlesticks
that is being formed here.
Like is price showing you that price is like reversing
or is it like showing you that there's a lot of momentum
and it's like breaking past this key level?
Prioritize higher timeframes over lower timeframes.
You guys need to get confirmation
on the higher timeframes
like the one hour and the four hour first.
So guys, do not focus too much
on the five minute or the 15 minute candlesticks.
All right.
You guys should always prioritize the higher timeframes
because on the lower timeframe,
there is a lot of noise.
So candlestick patterns are much less effective
on the five minute or even the 15 minute timeframe.
So right now we are on the five minute timeframe
and you can see price did like a little tweezer
bottom right here.
You can see this one red candle,
one green candle
and it's supposed to be like reverse
when you see this pattern, right?
But guess what?
Price continued going down even further.
That is because on the five minute
or the 15 minute timeframe,
the lower the timeframe,
the less effective the candlestick patterns are.
So in this example,
you saw like this little doji being formed
at this resistance area.
So after getting confirmation on the higher timeframes,
you should scale down to the lower timeframe,
like the 15 minute timeframe to look for your entries.
So if you guys went down to the 15 minute timeframe,
you will see like price did like a huge pin bar right here.
You can see this super long week.
Price got pushed all the way up here,
but then sellers come in to push the price
all the way down here
and they end up closing at this like long week candle.
So this was like the doji that price gave us just now.
So this is a major confirmation for us
to enter for our sell position.
So as you can see,
if you enter for our sell position,
you have been in a whole lot of profit.
And if you enter on the 15 minute timeframe,
your stop loss would be like so tight.
Like this is your stop loss,
like a 20 pip stop loss
compared to entering on like the daily
or the four hour timeframe.
Next, you have to combine candlesticks
with other forms of technical analysis.
You cannot just rely on candlesticks patterns alone.
You need to have other confirmations
or confluences.
So make sure you combine your candlesticks
with other forms of technical analysis
like key levers
or even moving average cross over
or trend lines or Fibonacci.
Basically use all the tools
in your technical analysis arsenal
to give you as much confirmation as possible
for your trade
so that you have the confidence
to hold a trade much longer.
So example in this case,
price is at a resistance level
so we should be looking to sell, right?
So there is the first confluence
and then the second confluence
could be price broke out of this trend line
right here.
This is when price broke out of this trend line.
So the third confluence
could be some sort of moving average cross over
which we are gonna go down
to the smaller timeframe
like the one hour and see.
You can see like right here,
this is when the red line
has crossed over the blue line, right?
You can see the red line
is above the blue line now.
So this is your three confluences.
All right, so the fourth confluence
could be like this long week doji right here.
You can see like this
super long week doji ring form right here.
This shows us that
there is a lot of uncertainty in the market
and the market is indecisive
and the market might be about to reverse
because the buying pressure is all gone.
Now it's the seller's market.
So we can enter for our sell position
somewhere around here
when the moving average cross over
and we have your four confluence.
So stop loss place above this resistance area
and our take profit can be placed
at like the next support area
which can be right down here.
And as you can see,
this was like a beautiful, beautiful trade guys.
Played out just like what we expected to play it out.
So another thing for you guys
would be to compare the size
of the candlestick body to the wick.
So you can see like here we have two examples.
This candlestick have like a big and long body
but it has very short wick.
While this candlestick has a very short and small body
but has a super long wick.
So which one do you think have more momentum?
Like more volume?
Obviously this one right here right
because this big candlestick body
show us that there is a lot of bias in the market.
A lot of momentum pushing the price up.
So if the candlestick has a very short wick
like this very short wick
compared to the body,
you can see big body, small wick,
it means that it's a lot of momentum.
So on the other hand,
if he has like a super long wick like this,
you can see two long wicks right here
but he has a very short body,
it means that it's not much momentum.
So the less wick you see,
the more confirmation the trade is going in that way.
So once you see like this candlestick
with like a big green body but a small wick right,
most likely the next candlestick
will be like some sort of green candlestick like this.
So here's a very good example.
You can see this candlestick has like a super long body
but very short wick right.
So you can see what price did
after it formed this candlestick.
It continued going up even further
because there is a lot of momentum.
While on the other hand,
look at this candlestick.
This candlestick has a very small body,
very short body compared to the wick.
It has a very long wick but a very short body.
And after price printed this candlestick,
look at what price did.
It went down right.
So candlesticks really tell us a lot of story.
Like it tells us the momentum of the market.
Like is there more buyers or more sellers in this market?
I used to think that you have to memorize
all the candlestick patterns to become successful at trading.
But the truth is,
you do not need to memorize all the candlestick patterns.
In fact, you only need to memorize three candlestick patterns.
For me, my three favorite candlestick patterns
is the bullish engulfing and the bearish engulfing.
And then there is the morning star and the evening star.
And then your third one would be the doji.
All right, so these three are my favorite candlestick patterns
that I only memorize.
So if you ask me about like other candlesticks like this,
I do not know what is that.
All right, so that is the unfiltered truth.
You only need to memorize three candlestick patterns.
So my advice would be to figure out
what candlestick patterns you love and go from there.
So you really don't have to know like 100 candlestick patterns.
It all depends on what you like and what works for you.
When price is at a key level, do not enter yet.
You cannot assume that price is gonna break past this key level
or reverse immediately at a key level.
So price can literally consolidate for a little bit
before price decide whether it wants to reverse
or break the key level.
So be patient, do not chase the trade
and react to the market.
So if price is like consolidating like this,
what I will personally do is that stay out of the market.
I will stay out of the market
and I will wait for price to like show me
some sort of candlestick patterns
that tell me that price is either breaking past this level
or is reversing at this level.
Then I enter for the trade.
Like example, like right here, I still will not enter
because price is consolidating
and there is not much sign that show us
that price is reversing or breaking past this key level.
So we will still wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
And you can see right here,
price gave us this big bearish engulfing candlestick
just rejecting this key resistance level.
And you can see this shows us
that we should enter for our sell position.
So if you enter for our sell position here,
your stop loss will be above here
and then you can place your take profit at the next key level.
And you can see price just continued dropping.
So that is why you guys must always be patient
and react to the market.
Do not just like enter for our sell position immediately
because price is at a resistance level.
Remember, price can do whatever you want.
Price do not care about you.
So price can break past this level
or reverse at this key level even after consolidation.
If you do not like to stare at charts all day just like me,
what you can do is to set alerts at key levels
when you are analyzing the charts.
So let's say in this example,
I want to set an alert at this key level right here.
So basically, I want to analyze the charts
when priced at this key level here.
So what I will do is to press this alert right here
and then change the figure to 1.05.
So you can put like analyze, euro, USD or something
and then click save.
And then you'll see that it will be like
this orange dotted line being formed right here.
So basically, when price come here to touch this level,
trading view will literally like send you like a message
or an email telling you that,
okay, right now, euro, USD is at this level.
So when you get the message,
you can open up your device,
whether it is your laptop or your phone
and see what the next few candles are formed
at this key level.
Like is price like reversing and heading back up
or is price gonna break past this key level?
And then you can trade from there.
So that is a tip that you guys can use to save a lot of time.
Take profit, stop loss, risk to reward ratio
and the lot size that you use
should be as important as your entries.
You can literally have like the best entries in the world,
but if you do not practice proper risk management,
you will not make money in this market.
So make sure you guys prioritize risk management
on the same level as your entries.
Do not just focus on technical analysis
and getting like the best entries possible.
Focus on risk management too.
Protect your account, protect yourself,
protect your money
so that you can make the most amount of money
in the long term.
Number one is your three-line strike candlestick pattern.
The three-line strike candlestick pattern
is basically three subsequent candles
in a certain direction
and then an engulfing candle in the opposite direction.
So this candlestick pattern does not work 100% of the time.
So make sure you watch out for other confluences
before you enter for the trade.
And the first thing you need to do
when you look at this pattern is
you want to look out for the overall trend first, right?
If the overall trend is an uptrend,
then it will be three red candlestick
followed by one bullish engulfing candlestick.
And then if the overall trend is downtrend,
then it will be three litre bullish candlestick,
three litre green candlestick
and then one huge bearish engulfing candlestick.
Then you can sell it down.
I'm going to show you on the charts in a minute.
So the three-line strike candlestick pattern
is basically a continuation candlestick pattern.
This means that when you see this candlestick pattern,
that means that the trend is going to continue.
So if you see this in a downtrend,
it's going to continue going down.
And if you see your three-line strike pattern
in a uptrend, it's going to continue to go up.
So you should enter for the continuation of the trend,
of the overall trend, right?
So the first thing we need to do
is to look at the overall trend first, right?
Like right now, as you can see, it is a downtrend.
Price is making your lower highs, lower lows, right?
That is why there is a downtrend.
So you should look out for this candlestick,
this three-line strike candlestick pattern
as a continuation of the downtrend.
And that should be your signal to sell, all right?
So once you see this candlestick pattern over here,
you can enter for a sell, right?
Enter for a sell here,
your stop loss above this candlestick here,
and then you'll take profit all the way down
at the next support level, the next key level.
And as you can see,
this is the three-line strike candlestick pattern
because what does it do?
It has one small green candlestick body.
And then followed by two green candlestick,
very, very small candlestick.
And then the red one is just a bearish engulfing candlestick.
It pretty much just engulfed everybody here.
You see all this little candlestick,
and then this huge red candlestick just eats everybody.
Number two is your multiple candle rejections.
So this pattern is very, very common on GBP, JPY.
So how it works is basically that at a key level,
you should spot these multiple candle rejections
at a certain key level,
be it a support level or a resistance level.
So you can see how multiple candlesticks,
they reach us to this key level,
and then they get rejected.
They get weak back down, right?
Weak back down, weak back down.
That is what it means to be multiple candle rejections.
And that basically means that more than one candlestick
is rejecting a key level.
And this pattern shows that price tried to push through the level
over and over again, but it failed.
That's why you have all these multiple long,
weak candlesticks that's forming.
Right now, you can see how price is at a major resistance level,
right?
And you can see how candlesticks tell you a story, guys.
Candlesticks giving you signals that
whether price is gonna reverse and head back down,
or is it going to break past the key level?
You can see over here, when price reached this key level,
you can see what the price do.
Price went up all the way, weak back down,
forming this weak here.
Same thing over here.
Price got pushed all the way up here,
and then weak back down.
And over here, weak back down, weak back down,
weak back down, right?
And you can see how the candlesticks are rejecting that key level.
And that shows us that price might not be breaking past
this key level.
It might be coming down.
So we should look for sell.
And how you can enter for this is,
once price done this entire consolidation over here,
it's going sideways, right?
You can enter on the breakout of this entire consolidation.
Maybe you can enter over here,
when price did this huge red candlestick pattern, right?
And that just shows you that price is not breaking past this level.
First sign was this multiple weak rejections over here.
Multiple rejections over here.
Price just rejecting this key level.
And then the second sign could be this huge bearish engulfing candlestick.
So you can enter for the short position over here.
And then your stop loss can be above this resistance level.
Take profit all the way down at the next support level.
So here's another example.
You can see how price is at this major support level.
And right now, whenever price is at a key level,
we want to see what the candlesticks are showing us, right?
Is it going to break past that level?
Or is it going to bounce back up and hit all the way back up and reverse, right?
And as you can see over here,
there is multiple candlestick rejections once again.
Price got pushed all the way down.
And then what does it do?
Weak all the way back up.
Same thing here.
Weak all the way back up.
Weak, weak, weak, weak.
Multiple candle rejections, multiple weeks.
This just shows us that price is rejecting this support level.
And price might be reversing head back up.
Once again, we want to enter on this breakout of this entire consolidation.
Once it broke out over here, you can enter over here.
And your stop loss below this support level.
And then your take profit can be at the next resistance level, right?
At the next resistance level.
And that is how you can trade the multiple candle rejections pattern.
Number three is your morning star and your evening star.
These are one of my most, most, most favorite candlestick patterns because they work like,
I would say 90% of the time.
All right.
The morning star is a bullish three candlestick pattern that shows us that price is potentially
at the bottom of a downtrend.
And this means that price is about to reverse and head back up in the opposite direction.
Okay.
So the first candle must be red.
And then the second one can be either green or red.
And it can be either a star candlestick or a doji.
All right.
And then the third candlestick must be green.
And it must close at least halfway up the first red candlestick.
And then this last candlestick will confirm to us that a reversal is going to occur.
And then when you see your evening star, that means that the uptrend is potentially going
to end and price is about to reverse and head back down.
So you should look out for these two candlestick patterns at a key level.
When price is at a major support or resistance level, if you see a morning star at a resistance
level, that means that price is not breaking past the level and it is more likely to reverse
and come back down.
So right now you can see there is a clear as day resistance area around here, right?
You look to the left and you see this very, very strong resistance area.
Whenever price head all the way back up, come back down.
Head all the way back up, come back down.
So you should be looking for price to either break this level or coming back down, right?
So right now, what did price do at this key level?
Like I said, you have to really, really focus and pay attention to the candlestick patterns
that are forming at a key level.
That will show you whether price is reversing or breaking past it.
So you can see over here, price did evening star at a key level.
Evening star is your reversal candlestick pattern, right?
This means that price is not breaking past this key level.
It is reversing and heading back down.
So enter for a sell right after this candlestick is formed.
Enter for a sell here.
And now stop loss above the resistance area.
Take profit all the way down at the next support level right here.
And you can see this trade just played out perfectly.
And over here, you can see how price is at this support level, right?
And once again, what did price do?
Is it breaking past it or is it not breaking past it?
You can see how price did this.
Morning star, guys.
Like I said, one red candlestick body followed by either a star or a doji.
And you can see this is somewhat of a star or a doji.
And then followed by a green candlestick pattern.
Evening star, clear as day.
Enter for a buy.
Right now, enter over here.
Stop loss below this support level.
Take profit at the resistance level that we have drawn.
And you can see this trade just played out perfectly.
Perfectly.
And guys, look at this, guys.
Candlestick patterns are always going to be there, alright?
It's just historical price patterns.
And it's repeating itself over and over again.
History repeats itself over and over again.
That's why it is so important to really remember all these candlestick patterns.
Because once they show up, right?
You can take action.
Enter for either a buy or sell depending on that particular candlestick pattern.
Number four is your Mary Bozu candlestick.
Alright, a Mary Bozu is basically a long candlestick with no wick.
So it doesn't have the upper and lower wick at all.
It is just one huge candlestick body.
It basically looks like a vertical rectangle.
And when you see a green Mary Bozu candlestick,
this means that during the session,
the candlestick open at the lowest price and close at the highest price.
So this means that the buyers pretty much maintained control of the price
throughout the entire session.
And this also means that there is a lot of momentum.
So a green Mary Bozu candlestick would mean that there is a lot of buying pressure.
And the unique thing about this candlestick pattern is that
it can be used as both a reversal candlestick pattern
and also a continuation candlestick pattern.
If you see a green Mary Bozu in an uptrend,
the uptrend is going to continue.
And if you see a green Mary Bozu in a downtrend,
this means that price is about to reverse.
The opposite is true for your red Mary Bozu.
If you see a red Mary Bozu in an uptrend,
price is reversing.
If you see a red Mary Bozu in a downtrend,
price is going to continue to go down.
So right now,
that is a very, very clean Mary Bozu candlestick over here.
You can see like this is somewhat of a key resistance level, right?
And then when price imputed this huge red candlestick body,
and you can see that it's little to no wick.
That is just a very, very short wick.
And I don't think you can even see it,
but it's very, very small wick, very, very small wick on top.
And it's just a huge red body.
This shows us that there is a lot of selling pressure.
So much selling pressure.
So you should enter for a sell, right?
Enter for a sell once this candlestick form.
Stop loss above here, above this resistance level.
Take profit all the way down at the next support level.
So right now, you can see on the screen,
that is somewhat of a Mary Bozu candlestick.
You can see there's this very short upper wick
and the lower wick is quite short either.
And you can just see like how big the entire body is.
Look at all these small little candlesticks,
small little boys.
And then the big boy enter the chat.
And then big boy enter the chat,
enter for a buy, right?
You can see there's so much buying pressure.
And this shows that price is continuing,
going to head back up.
And then your stop loss can be below the candlestick over here.
And then take profit all the way up at the next key level.
Last but not least,
we have the three white soldiers and the three black crows.
The three white soldiers is a bullish reversal pattern
that consists of three consecutive green bodies,
each with a higher close.
So you can see how over here,
the three white soldiers,
each one close at a higher price
compared to the previous one, right?
Like you see this one close higher than this one.
This one close higher than this one.
So you can see how the soldiers are like marching upwards
as the price climbs higher and higher.
So this pattern shows that the downtrend is ending
and price is going to reverse
just like the Morningstar candlestick pattern.
So you should watch out for your three white soldiers
in a downtrend and also at a key support level.
And you should watch out for your three black crows
at a resistance level.
And this means that price is going to reverse
and head back down.
Over here, once again, guys,
price is at this key level.
And what did price do?
Your three black crows, right?
This shows us that price is heading back down.
Enter for a sell once again.
Stop loss above here.
Take profit all the way down here, right?
Once again, over here,
you can see how price is at this support level.
And price did your three white soldiers, guys.
You see how each candlestick is closing higher
than the other.
This one close above this one.
This one close above this one.
This shows us that price is heading back up, right?
Price heading back up.
Enter for a buy here.
Stop loss below this support level.
Take profit at the next resistance level over here.
And you can see this trade pretty much played out perfectly.
So these are the five reliable
and profitable candlestick patterns
that you guys need to know.
Number one,
your three-line strike candlestick pattern.
Number two,
your morning star or evening star.
Number three,
your Mary Bozu candlestick.
Number four,
your multiple candlestick rejections.
And number five
is your three white soldiers
and three black crows.
So in this video,
I'm gonna show you this candlestick pattern
that will allow you to get sniper entries.
So this candlestick pattern
is called your three-line stripe candlestick pattern.
So it basically consists of three small green candlestick,
each one closing higher than the previous candlestick.
As you can see over here,
this second candlestick closed higher than the previous candlestick.
And the third candlestick closed higher than the previous candlestick.
And then it followed by a huge red engulfing candlestick pattern.
So new traders will look at all these green candlesticks
and get in for the buy, right?
They get in for the buy
because they see price is gonna go up.
Happy, happy,
get in for the buy
and then followed by a huge red engulfing candlestick
which pretty much just wipe out their gains.
That's why it is important to be patient
and wait for a confirmation before you enter for that trade.
So the opposite is basically three red candlestick,
each one closing lower than the previous candlestick
followed by a huge green engulfing candlestick.
So this three-line strike candlestick pattern
basically shows us that
there is a lot of selling pressure in the market.
Let me give you an example.
So the first thing you need to do
is to look at the overall trend.
Is it an uptrend or is it a downtrend?
Here's an example on GJ.
You can see clear as day that price is making a downtrend.
Lower, low, lower, high.
Lower, low, lower, high.
Lower, low, lower, high, lower, low, low.
Alright, so this is in a downtrend.
So in a downtrend,
you should be looking for
this three-line strike candlestick pattern.
And in the uptrend,
you should be looking for
this three-line strike candlestick pattern.
So once again,
the second candlestick closes
higher than the previous candlestick
and the third candlestick closes
higher than the previous candlestick.
And then followed by
a huge bearish engulfing candlestick,
which pretty much just like
wipe out the entire buyers.
Wipe out all the buyers.
And now the sellers have taken over.
So this shows us that
price might be continuing to go down.
The retracement is done.
So enter for a sell right here.
Stop loss above the bearish engulfing candlestick.
And then take profit at the next support level
or the next key level.
So you can see how this candlestick pattern
is very, very common on GJ, right?
Once again,
three small green candlestick
followed by a huge,
big-ass red candlestick
which pretty much just engulfs
all this small little green candlestick.
So over here,
when price starts to retrace
to create your new lower high
in a downtrend,
and it creates what?
Your three-line strike again.
Enter.
Enter right here
because we know that the trend
is going to continue.
The retracement is done.
So you enter here.
Stop loss once again
above the engulfing candlestick.
Take profit all the way down
at the next key support level.
Here's an example on the uptrend.
Small red candlestick,
small red candlestick,
small red candlestick,
followed by a huge,
bullish engulfing candlestick
right here.
So enter for a buy.
And then stop loss will be
below this support area here.
Take profit all the way
up to the next key level.
So you can pretty much see
how effective
this candlestick pattern is,
right?
But just to be clear,
this candlestick
might not work
100% of the time,
all right?
I don't think any candlestick patterns
will work 100% of the time.
That's why it is so important
to make sure
that you have other confluences
before you enter for the trade.
Like I said in all my videos,
make sure you have
at least three confluences
before you enter for the trade.
So this candlestick pattern
can be one confluence.
Your other confluence
can be your moving average
like I have right here,
your Fibonacci,
your support or resistance,
your trend lines,
whatever.
Just make sure you have
at least three confluences
before you enter for the trade.
Now that you have understood
how to trade candlesticks,
the next thing you must learn
how to trade
is support and resistance levels.
And I literally give you
a complete guide right here.
So click on this video right here
to find out more.
If you have learned something
from this class,
make sure you smash the like button
and hit on that subscribe button.
Welcome to the tribe
and remember,
you're just one trade away.
