This secret scalping strategy made me $16,000 in less than 30 minutes.
Trust me, this will change the way that you trade forever.
So in this scalping strategy, we are only going to be using two timeframes.
The higher time frame to build our narrative
and the lower time frame to execute our trade when we see our entry model.
Firstly, let's talk about the higher time frame.
Now it really all comes down to just three simple questions.
Firstly, ask yourself, is price bullish or bearish?
And then once you have identified the trend direction,
determine whether price is in the continuation phase or the pullback phase.
If price has just created a break of structure,
we are anticipating price to start pulling back.
And the last question you want to ask yourself is,
where is the available liquidity?
In the last lesson, we talked about inducement.
So this lesson, we will actually start applying it, right?
So over here, we know that when price goes up,
pulls back and then it goes up.
Before it actually went up,
it actually did like a minor pullback just like this,
creating a new swing low right here.
So we know that below every swing low,
there is going to be available liquidity
because retail traders,
they're going to be entering for a buy right here
and they're going to be placing their stop loss below the swing low.
So that is just available liquidity being built up right there.
So in the future,
we could expect price to come down there
and take out all this available liquidity
before we get that real move in price.
So looking at a bullish scenario,
after this break of structure,
we are anticipating price to start pulling back.
And then once price starts pulling back,
we know that,
okay, now we got this near demand zone
and then we also got this extreme demand zone, right?
The extreme demand zone is that last line of defense
that must hold in order for price to remain bullish
because it's literally at that last swing low, right?
So when price is pulling back,
firstly, it's going to pull back to the near zone, right?
So when you pull back to the near demand zone right here,
observe what price does, okay?
Sometimes what could potentially happen
is that price could just come into this near zone
and then just starts going up, right?
But I'll say eight out of 10 times
that doesn't actually happens.
Price usually comes down to the extreme zone.
Why?
Because it needs some form of liquidity
before the real move can actually happens.
And right now, where is the available liquidity?
Your third question.
And if I look towards the left-hand side,
I will know that there is available liquidity
below this swing low right here.
Okay, so that was your inducement.
So this is when, once again, a lot of retail traders,
they will try to enter at the near zone
thinking that price is going to go up right now
and they're going to be placing the stop loss
below the near demand zone.
And when this happens, guess what?
This just generate more available liquidity.
So now we got liquidity right here on the left-hand side.
We also got liquidity on the right-hand side.
Now this is where the fun part actually happens, right?
So price actually goes down, pulls back, right?
Fake out all the retail traders
before price comes down even further to this extreme zone.
Sweep all the available liquidity
from the left side and the right side
before we get a strong move in price.
Okay, so this is pretty much how you really determine
your higher timeframe objective.
You always want to be asking yourself
these three questions right here.
Always make sure you are able to identify
available liquidity.
Because if you cannot identify liquidity,
then guess what?
You are the liquidity.
So always wait for that liquidity sweep
before you actually enter for the trade.
So once price hits your point of interest,
whether it's the near demand zone
or the extreme demand zone,
you want to drop down to the lower timeframe
to look for your entry model,
which I'm going to show you later
after I actually went through this bearish scenario.
And then once you find your entry model
on the lower timeframe,
that is where you can just execute the trade
with confidence, without hesitation, reservation or fear.
Now, before we move on to talk about the entry models,
let's just go through the bearish scenario quickly.
So firstly, price goes down, pulls back.
And then when price is going down
to break that last low, right?
To create a new swing low,
it created like a minor pullback just like this, right?
And that just created like a little swing high
that we have right here.
And we know there's going to be available liquidity
above this swing high.
So right now, after the break of structure,
we're anticipating price to start pulling back.
And that is where price starts pulling back
to the near zone first.
Remember, it's always going to pull back
to the near zone first.
Once it pullbacks to the near zone,
this is where you want to observe what price does.
That is why I say that it's very important
that you look for your entry model
before you actually enter for the trade.
You don't want to enter for a sell immediately right here
because price step into this supply zone
because sometimes price can just do this, right?
This could just be like a inducement
to induce retail traders to enter for the trade early.
So you always want to make sure
that you get the entry model
before you actually enter.
So in this case right here,
we know that this is just available liquidity
being built up on the left-hand side,
on the right-hand side.
And then later on, price comes up there,
sweep the available liquidity
from this heist right there
before we get a real move, okay?
So once again, even though this is the extreme zone,
there is no guarantee that it's going to work, okay?
There is still a chance that price
can just blow right past it
and then we get a market shift
and then price just shifts bullish.
So you always, always be patient,
look for your entry model on the lower timeframe
after price step into your point of interest.
Hey, it's future Brad here.
So before I let you continue watching
this awesome, awesome video,
I've got a very important announcement to make.
I've created two new YouTube channels.
First of all, Bradgo Trades.
This is where I will be documenting my live trades.
And next year, I plan to make a million dollars in profits.
So I'm going to be documenting all my live trades
on this exclusive channel, Bradgo Trades.
The second channel that I'm going to be launching
is Bradgo Unfiltered.
This is where I'll be posting raw reality videos, right?
Like uncut videos, just like this,
where I just tell you guys what it's really like
to become a 22-year-old millionaire
and just give you some motivation on the way
to get there, right?
To help you get there.
So yeah, these are the two new YouTube channels.
So please go and subscribe, show some love.
What's there for you to lose?
You are literally broke.
You are penniless.
You have nothing to lose.
So just go and subscribe, get some free value.
I'm going to do my absolute best
to make 2025 the best trading year for you.
So yeah, go and hit on the subscribe button.
And once those two channels hit about 50K
or even 100K subscribers,
I'm going to be doing a massive giveaway.
Going to fly one of you guys out to Singapore
and have like a three days fully paid vacation.
All right, so yeah,
now you can get back to watching this video
and learn about the awesome entry models
that I'm about to show you.
So here's the secret entry model.
It's called the Flip Plus Sweep Entry Model.
This is one out of six different entry models
that we have inside the 1% Club, right?
So after price step into your point of interest,
that is where you want to drop down
to your lower timeframe
to look for either one of these entry models
before you actually enter to the trade, right?
So for your lower timeframe,
you can either use the five minute timeframe
or the one minute timeframe.
Now, I wouldn't advise you
to actually use the one minute timeframe
unless you are very experienced
because trading on a one minute timeframe
is like a whole different ballgame
because there's so many different false signals.
So if you're like a beginner
or even if you're like an intermediate trader,
you should just stick to the five minute timeframe first
because if you cannot master the five minute timeframe,
you will not master the one minute timeframe, all right?
And once you gain enough experience,
eventually then you can dive deep
into the one minute timeframe.
So when price steps into a demand zone
in the bullish scenario
or a supply zone in the bearish scenario
on the 15 minute timeframe,
that is where you can drop down
to your lower timeframe,
which is the five minute timeframe,
and you look for this pattern or this pattern right here.
Let me explain.
When it comes to this entry model,
you always wanna make sure
that you get the liquidity sweep
before you actually look for your entry.
When price is approaching a point of interest,
it usually create inducements just like this,
where price comes down here,
it creates some form of a dial bottom
or it's just like reverse like this.
Once again, this is so that they can bid
all the retail traders to enter early
just to build up available liquidity below the lows.
So next thing you know, price comes down,
sweep all the available liquidity
before creating a sharp V-shaped reaction.
So that's the first thing you want to look out for,
that sharp V-shaped reaction,
which tell us that all the retail traders,
they have been stopped out,
they are gone from the market,
and that is where the strong move,
the real move is potentially gonna happen
very, very soon.
So after you get the liquidity sweep,
what you want to look for next
is some form of flip zone.
So flip zones are basically those zones
that cause other zones to fail.
Here's what I mean.
So when price is going down just like this,
we know that there's a supply zone right here
because at this point of time,
this is where supply stepped into the market
and caused price to go down just like this.
And the next thing you know,
price comes up to react to this supply zone.
So if this supply zone were to do its job,
price will continue going down even further,
right, taking out this low.
But in this case, we got a failed reaction
where price reacted from this supply zone,
but it failed to take out this low right here,
and it just went up just like this.
When this happens,
we know that a flip zone is formed.
Remember, the reaction is key
because this reaction shows us that
this supply zone did does its job,
but it did not follow through.
There was not enough supply to cause price
to actually take out this low right here,
which means at some point of time,
demand actually overpowered the supply right here.
When this happens,
this is where we got our flip zone right here.
But remember,
this is the flip plus sweep entry model.
This is not a flip zone entry model,
which means once again,
you want to wait for liquidity to be swept
before you actually enter.
So in this case right here,
when this flip zone was formed,
when we got that failed reaction,
guess what?
A new swing low is formed.
And we know that at this swing low,
there is going to be available liquidity below the low.
So now instead of entering right here,
we want to wait for price to create that flip plus sweep zone.
So price later come down here,
sweep the available liquidity below this swing low,
give us our flip plus sweep zone
before we get price goes up there
and creating that market shift,
which confirmed to us as a shift in structural
and price has officially shifted from bearish to bullish.
Demand has overpowered supply
and right now we are about to go now.
So after this flip plus sweep zone is formed,
you are just simply waiting for price to pull back
after the market shift to your flip plus sweep zone.
And that is where you enter your trade right here
and you can target 3R.
Now, I know all this might sound super overwhelming
or confusing,
but it really all boils down to four simple steps.
You wait for your liquidity sweep,
you wait for your flip plus sweep,
you wait for your market shift,
and then you enter at the flip plus sweep zone.
Before we go into the charts to look at some examples,
here's what this entry model looks like
in the bearish scenario.
So once again,
we've got price approaching the higher time frame point of interest,
the higher time frame supply zone
on the 15 minute time frame, right?
When this happens,
guess what?
There is going to be inducements, right?
This is once again to bid all the retail traders
to enter early.
Later on, price comes up there,
sweep the available liquidity above the inducement
before we get that sharp V-shaped reaction.
Remember,
we need that sharp V-shaped reaction to confirm to us
liquidity has been swept.
Once that is done,
step two,
wait for your flip, right?
So once you got a flip right here,
we got a failed reaction
where price actually reacted from this demand zone,
but failed to take out this high right here.
That is where
we are patiently waiting
for the liquidity above the flip zone to be swept
to give us our flip plus sweep zone.
So price let's go up there,
sweep the available liquidity above the flip zone,
and then that is where we got our flip plus sweep zone
is formed
and that led to the market shift right here.
So now all we are doing is to wait for price
to come back up to our flip plus sweep zone
and bam,
that is where we look for our entry.
So this is what the entire scalping strategy
looks like at a high level.
So if you want a copy of this,
you can just go to the description
and just download it.
There's like a link below it.
Yes, you can download it for completely free.
I'm not going to charge you like $49 for this or something.
It's completely free.
Link in the description.
Now let's go to the charts
and apply this scalping strategy.
So first of all,
we are on USDJPY.
We are on a 15 minute time frame.
This is where we want to determine
our higher time frame objective, right?
So we know that price is pulling back right here
after price has already gave us
a break of structure to the upside,
just like this.
And when price actually created this break of structure,
it did not just go up immediately, you know?
Price actually goes up,
pulls back,
create like a minor pullback just like this
before the real move actually happens.
So we know that there is your extreme demand zone
and then there is your near demand zone
that we have right here, okay?
And right now,
you can see price has completely disregard the near zone
and it's going down to our extreme zone.
So we can just pretty much erase this, right?
This is why I say that the near zone
is always quite unreliable.
This is not to say that the near zone
is not going to work
because sometimes it does work.
Sometimes we get price moving up
immediately after it hit into this near zone
rather than the extreme zone.
But I'll say like based on statistics,
most of the time it tends to come down
to this extreme zone
because that is where, you know,
liquidity gets swept.
So once price steps into this extreme zone,
you must understand that this is indeed
that last line of defense
because this is that last swing low
that led to this break of structure.
So if price actually come down
and take out this swing low,
price is shifting bearish, right?
Price is literally taking out this last swing low,
shifting bearish,
and right now we're going to start creating
lower highs and lower lows.
So in order for price to remain bullish
on a 15-minute time frame,
this demand zone has to hold.
So once price steps into this extreme zone,
that is where you drop down
to your 5-minute time frame
to look for your entry model.
So let me just go right
to the 5-minute time frame right there.
Okay, so right here, what do we have?
We got price reacting, right?
Demand stepping into the market
and look at what price does.
Price come down there,
take out some good old liquidity.
Right, before actually getting that real move.
So when this happens,
we see a very, very sharp
and obvious V-shaped reaction,
which tells us that price has officially
swept the available liquidity
that we have below this swing low right here.
Okay, so this is our liquidity sweep.
That's the first thing we want to see
from this entry model itself.
Okay, and then right now,
this is that last internal lower high.
So if price create a market shift,
takes out this last internal lower high
and create a market shift,
that is where price is going to shift
from bearish to bullish
on the internal structure.
And right now, we know that price
is going to start going to the moon.
Okay, but at this point of time,
look at what we got.
Price is reacting from this little supply right here.
Okay, but before that actually happens,
I want you to observe what price does.
Over here, this was a supply zone.
How do we know this is a supply zone?
Because after this supply zone,
lots of supply step into the market
and cause price to go all the way back down.
Okay, so right now,
the next thing we want to see
is obviously that flip zone, right?
We want to see that failed reaction.
Then we want to wait for that flip zone
to be swept before we actually enter for the trade.
Okay, so let me just go down
to the one minute timeframe a little bit.
Okay, you can see price comes down here.
Okay, you can see this flip zone
is doing its job, right?
We got price goes up,
creating that flip.
Okay, you can see a flip right here
before price actually potentially could start going up.
Right there, let me just continue to see what price does.
There we go.
Right, you can see what happened over here.
Just a quick recap.
Once that price goes up,
pulls back, creating the failed reaction.
And then later on, price goes up there.
And we know that there is available liquidity
below this low right here.
And then later on, price comes down,
sweep all the available liquidity below this lows
before we get that strong flip plus sweep right there.
So at this point of time,
I have identified my flip plus sweep zone.
I know that this entire area,
this entire point of interest that we have right here
was our flip plus sweep zone.
So that is where I'll just put this blue zone right there.
And there we know that this liquidity has been swept as well.
And now we are just waiting for the market shift.
But in this case, right,
the market shift has already happened.
Where price went up there
and closed above this last high right here.
So now looking at this,
we pretty much got all our criteria check.
So now it all comes down to just waiting for price
to pull back to my flip plus sweep zone
that we have right here.
And then that is where I can look for my entry.
I'll place my stop loss below this flip plus sweep zone
right there.
And now I'll place my take profit at 3R,
just like this.
Okay, so later on price comes down.
Boom, tap us into the trade right there.
Very, very beautiful entry.
And then bam, that is where we got out.
Very, very fast.
1x3R, just like this.
And this took place in less than an hour or so.
But no, this actually took place in less than 30 minutes, right?
So within 30 minutes,
you just caught this 1x3R trade.
As simple as that.
Now, before we move on to the next example,
here's a quick recap on what just happened.
So we know that on a 15 minute timeframe, right,
price is pulling back after this break of structure.
And it pulled back to this extreme zone.
And we know that this extreme zone has to hold
in order for price to remain bullish.
So once price tapped into this 15 minute zone,
we jumped down to the 5 minute timeframe
to look for our entry model.
And what happened was that
we saw a liquidity sweep in price.
And then later on, price created a flip zone.
But remember, we don't want to enter on a flip zone.
We want to enter on a flip plus sweep, right?
So we waited for that flip zone to be swept.
And then we also got our market shift,
which confirmed to us there's a shift in structural.
And this internal structural has turned bullish
before we finally get our entry,
where price stepped back into that flip plus sweep zone.
Just like this, place our stop loss
below the flip plus sweep zone.
And we targeted 3 up.
So the second example is going to be a bearish scenario, right?
So what we have over here is that price goes down,
pulls back, and then goes back down, right?
So we know that this was a bearish break of structure
to the downside.
And you must be asking yourself,
what actually led to this break of structure?
We know that there's going to be some form of supply zone, right?
So you look towards the left-hand side.
You see that this entire range right here,
you can draw this as your supply zone.
Okay, so this will be our 15-minute supply zone.
And then drag it all the way up here.
And you can see price has already mitigated that supply zone.
Cool.
So this is a little bit too early.
So let's just maybe jump back right here.
Okay, so when price is approaching this supply zone,
remember, sometimes it's going to create inducement
just like this to bid all the retail traders to enter early, right?
So retail traders enter for sale right here.
They're going to be placing a stop loss
above this high right here immediately.
And when that happens,
we know that there is just available liquidity
being built up right here,
which is going to be swept later on.
So later on, price goes up.
Boom.
Sweep the available liquidity.
Once again, sharp V-shaped reaction.
That is where our first criteria has been met.
Now, once price actually type into this 15-minute supply zone,
we would have already jumped down to the 5-minute time frame
to look for our entry.
And that is where after that liquidity sweep,
what are we waiting for?
We are waiting for that flip plus sweep to be formed.
And if I look at right here,
I know that there is a demand zone right here.
This is our 15-minute demand
that cost price that actually goes up there.
So right now, we want to see that failed reaction.
We want to see price react from this demand zone,
goes up, but it fails to take out this high.
Okay.
Remember, this reaction is key.
Without this reaction,
we cannot tell that there's actually a flip zone.
Right.
So once we actually get a failed reaction,
that is where we wait for price to sweep the available liquidity
above this high right here
before we get that real move.
Price comes down,
potentially create a market shift.
And then we are just waiting for price to pull back
to this flip plus sweep zone.
And then we get our entry right there.
Okay.
So now let's just continue to play price forward
and see what price does.
Boom.
Failed reaction is being formed right here.
You can see beautiful swing high being formed right here.
Okay.
We know that there's available liquidity right here.
Wait for that liquidity to be served as well.
Okay.
You can see right there,
price actually served the liquidity above this swing high right there.
That is where we have our beautiful flip plus sweep zone right there,
ladies and gents.
And then that is where we are waiting for.
The next criteria is the market shift.
Right.
Remember,
all of this might sound good,
but if you don't get the market shift,
you cannot be entering for the trade.
Right.
Market shift is essential because it tells you that the internal structure has shifted.
Right.
It has shifted from bullish to bearish,
which tells us that this pullback is over
and right now supply is going to come into the market
and cause price to start going down
and the lower time frame trend is going to be aligned with the higher time frame trend.
So yeah,
that's how important the market shift is.
I never actually enter,
I never ever enter for a trade without some form of market shift.
Okay.
So let's go on price comes down there.
Okay.
Wait.
No,
this is actually the flip plus sweep zone.
Right.
So right here,
this was just a flip zone.
See,
this is why you must be very patient when it comes to entry.
You don't enter here.
No,
no,
no.
You wait.
Okay.
So price reacted from this demand zone,
flip reaction,
price comes down there.
And then you went up there,
sweep the available liquidity above that flip zone.
Real flip plus sweep zone is being formed right there.
And then we got that market shift to the downside right there.
Beautiful.
Sorry.
So yeah,
this is where we actually wait for price to pull back to this flip zone.
And then that is where we enter at the edge of the flip zone itself.
Okay.
So price goes down.
Okay.
It goes down.
We are very patient,
right?
We are not doing anything.
We are not rushing to enter for a sell right here because if you enter for a sell,
like right here,
your entry is going to,
I mean,
your stop loss is going to be all the way up here.
Right.
So that's not really ideal for us.
Remember,
we want to get those sniper sniper entries.
We want to trade with precision,
right?
So we wait for price to pull back to our desired point of interest,
which in this case is a flip plus sweep zone before actually looking for the entry.
Okay.
So let's go on price goes up.
Eventually pull back up to this flip plus sweep zone,
right?
Beautifully tap us into the trade,
place our stop loss above this flip plus sweep zone.
And that is where we can target just 3R,
right?
Just 3R,
which is just,
just like this.
Okay.
And then boom,
price goes down.
We are in profit.
Beautiful,
beautiful,
beautiful people.
And this trade took a little bit longer,
but I believe it eventually played out very,
very nicely right there.
Right.
So this one took about a few hours,
right?
So this would actually been like a more of like an intraday trade,
but obviously you could have gotten like a much better entry on the one minute timeframe
and make this like a scalp trade,
right?
So let me just show you what that will look like.
So when price actually tapped into this point of interest,
right?
What you could have potentially done is to go down to the one minute timeframe,
right?
You could have refined this flip plus sweep zone to just this extreme zone right here,
right?
You can see you keep it very,
very refined right there.
And then you enter when price actually tapped into this zone on the one minute timeframe.
Once again,
same thing,
you place a stop loss above this zone,
right?
And you just target once the 3R,
which is just like this.
Okay.
So in this case,
let's see what price does.
Okay.
Price tapped us into the trade right there.
Okay.
You can see this is how we really get those sniper entries,
right?
And price goes down,
price goes down,
and eventually goes all the way down to our TP right there.
Okay.
So you can see this trade was,
this happened in less than an hour or so,
right?
Less than an hour.
We managed to take profit and get the hell out of there,
right?
And this is really how you get those sniper entries.
So yeah,
you should only do this when you're like quite experienced,
because like I said,
if you don't have any experience whatsoever,
you're a beginner,
do not go down to the one minute timeframe because you will literally suffer from all
these different false breakouts and just going to be super duper lost,
right?
So don't do that.
But if you're like more like an advanced trader,
you know what you are doing,
then yeah,
this is where you can go down to the one minute timeframe,
look for that sniper entry and enter with precision.
2025,
big things are coming,
right?
The trading gig,
we are only getting started.
We have conquered the trading industry.
And now it's a matter of staying at the top because that's the thing,
right?
When you get to the top,
so many people want to drag you down and you yourself feel like just taking it easy
as well,
right?
So I believe 2025 will be that battle within me of like just not getting complacent
and just keep showing up and just getting better and better,
creating better content,
getting better at trading and just continue to dominate,
right?
So yeah,
that's that.
So as always,
remember you are just one trade away and let's get to work to make 2025 your best trading year yet.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwahh.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah. Mwah.
