Jeffrey the retail trader just lost a trade and there he goes again searching for the next perfect
trading strategy. When he do win a trade he just sit on his couch and watch Netflix while smoking
weed. He loves to eat junk food every day. He has installed a new bar in his room so that he can
drink beer while watching Andrew Tate clips. Brad is sick of being caught fat in school so he decided
to make some small changes in his life. He starts reading 10 pages of a book per day and starts
listening to trading podcasts and he begins to start lifting weights three times a week and also
cuts 100 calories out of his diet every single day by drinking water instead of Coca-Cola. And 10 months
later we don't see like a visible difference but then two and a half years later we start seeing a
huge difference. Brad is now shredded while Jeffrey is obese. After investing in 1,000 hours of reading
good books and listening to trading podcasts, Brad actually starts making around $5,000 from trading
per month and his marriage is going like really really well with his wife. Jeffrey on the other
hand got sluggish from the weight gain and start to feel worse about himself because he had lost all
his life savings in trading and started like backing away from his wife who then cheated on him with
another man. It is these small habits that we do every single day that lead to huge compounding
effects over time. The reason why I'm able to become successful is because I implement good habits
every single day consistently over time. That is the secret to my success. I was a pretty normal guy
in high school with a lot of bad habits. I would wake up late and scroll through my Instagram in my bed
while still in bed and I would like start playing video games like CSGO and Fortnite until 3am. During the
entire day, I would do like nothing productive at all. I was pretty much just wasting my life away
and that all changed once I started weightlifting. Once I started going to the gym consistently,
my life changed forever. But there's another story for another day. The 3 habits that I'm about to
share with you are not your conventional good trading habits like following your trading plan and
practicing proper risk management. These habits that I'm about to share with you will not just fix your
trading but also change your life forever. The first habit is meditating. Meditation is so important
especially for young men and women nowadays because our attention span is so fucked in the modern day
because of things like TikToks and short-form content like your YouTube shots and your Instagram reels
and all of these fast clips fuck with our mental health and they fuck with our attention span. Meditation
actually helped to reverse this. When was the last time you actually look into someone's eye and have a
like a deep conversation? Chances are it's quite long ago because nowadays our attention span is so fucked that
we can't even hear a man talk for five minutes straight. Your mind will just like wander to like
another universe or some shit. So meditation actually helps to reverse that and help us like
stay focused and be present. And the reason why meditation is so important in trading is because
it actually helps us to reduce anxiety and reduce stress and allow you to feel like much more peaceful
and rationale when you are trading. It helps to keep you focused on the present moment and it can also
help to like program your mind to prevent you from taking threats based on emotional decisions like
based on greed and fear. A lot of you think that meditation is like something that is very complicated
and very hard and very complex but in reality it's actually quite simple. So let me simplify it for you.
Firstly, I want you to position yourself in somewhere where it's quiet and you are all alone. Like
example for me is in my room where I'm just like quiet and I'm all alone. And the next thing is that
I'll recommend you to meditate for at least five to ten minutes. If you meditate for less than five
minutes, it's not really effective anymore. So like the perfect length that I use to meditate right now
is like around 10 minutes. So the next thing you want to do is to just close your eyes. Okay, just close
your eyes and start to breathe. And whenever your mind actually starts like wander away and you start
thinking about like what you're gonna eat for lunch later or sexual thoughts, bring it back to your breath
and continue counting. I want you to try it right now. Just close your eyes and start to breathe.
And then once your mind starts to wander, bring it back to your breath. Focus on your breath again.
And that is really how you can meditate. It's really really just as simple as that.
The second habit is actually weightlifting. I realized one thing. All of my friends who are professional
traders, they actually go to the gym consistently and they have like an excellent physique. Most people
when they start trading, they feel like they will become a millionaire trader in the next month. It's
like going to the gym and lifting the most heavy weights and pumping protein into your body and
expecting a solid rock hard six pack abs the next day. It does not work like that. Going to the gym is
actually quite similar to trading. Well, you have to put in the work. When you finally decide to commit
to going to the gym consistently, you are dedicating a life of pure dedication, effort and time and a new
lifestyle. You are developing the discipline to sweat and repeat the next day. So the main thing that
weightlifting helps with training is that it helps to develop this thing called your discipline. In trading,
if you want to become a consistently profitable trader, you need to have the discipline to follow
your trading plan, to practice proper risk management, to not let emotions control you and
take over your trading decision. All of this stuff require great discipline and how you can develop
discipline is by going to the gym consistently even when you don't feel like it, especially when you
don't feel like going to the gym and you still go anyways. That is discipline and I've been lifting
weights at least four times a week for three years straight now and I can tell you that it's been
very very much tiring but it's rewarding. And I realized that as time passes, I actually see progress,
I see my abs becoming more solid, I see my biceps getting bigger and it didn't happen like just
overnight. It happened after a few weeks, a few months or a few years of hard work and then you
start seeing progress. It's the same thing with trading. You're not gonna get rich overnight from
trading. It takes some time to actually see some progress and you have to keep going at times when
you don't see progress at all. That is true discipline. The next habit is actually journaling.
I used to fucking hate journaling and I never ever get like why people journal. Why the hell would you sit
there and write down shit on a book when you can just like think. And I used to freaking hate
journaling until last year when I actually started journaling and I realized that it has changed my
life. It's one of those like tiny things, underrated things where people don't do but it's actually like
10x and improve your life. And a lot of us have this like misconception that journaling is just like
girly and very feminine thing where you just sit there and write,
dear diary, today is my day. No, no, no, no, no. That's not how journaling works. A very simple way
to put it is journaling is basically writing down whatever the fuck you want, whatever the fuck you
are thinking about. As simple as that. I like to do journaling after a trading day. So after I'm done
trading for the day, I will journal my mistakes and some solution to that mistake. Like what I can do to
improve my trading so that I don't commit this same mistake again in the near future. So that is how like
keeping a trading journal can really help you. Basically, it helps to prevent you from taking
impulse trades which will ultimately like cause you to lose a lot of money. And that is exactly why
you must write down like as much data as possible. So for me, I write down like the mistakes that I'm
committing during the trading day. Like it could be over trading, revenge trading, or I did not follow
my trading plan or risk management plan. All of these are mistakes that will mess up your discipline.
And I also write down like a solution, like what I can do to fix these mistakes. So I really believe
that like journaling is a very, very good practice that you can do to clear your mind because a lot
of times if we don't journal, if we don't write down the things we are thinking about, our mind is
like so cluttered and everything is just confusing and lumped up together. So I will highly recommend
you to start journaling if you can. Let me give you a bonus habit. The bonus habit is to read books.
I firmly believe that the single most important thing a young man can do for his life is to start
reading books. Reading books has literally changed my life and it's the reason why I'm able to make
six figures. For those of you who do not know my story, basically I started reading like self-improvement
books and finance books. And then one day I discovered this book called The 10 Essentials of
Forex Trading. And that is when I actually like start discovering Forex Trading and that book just
changed the trajectory of my life forever. Because of that one book which cost $10, I'm now making over
like $100,000, which is very, very crazy thinking about that. So if all of this seems quite overwhelming
for you, I wanted to take away this one point. It's to improve yourself and aim to be 1% better
every single day. If you can do that, if you can get 1% better each day for one year, you will end up
37 times better by the time you are done. And on the other hand, if you get 1% worse each day for
one year, you will decline nearly down to zero. So I just want you guys to remember that habits are
actually like the compound interest of self-improvement or water trading. It's like the same
way like the money, it compounds over time. Habits also compound. So I know that every single day right
now, you do a habit like you start reading, start journaling, start meditating. It might seem like
quite insignificant. But you can only start seeing the results after 2 years or 5 years or even 10 years
later. You look back at your younger self and you will be thankful, you'll be grateful that you started
implementing those habits early on. My only regret is not starting these habits when I was 13 year old
or some shits. So right now, I'm giving all of you this valuable information, these gems for free.
And what you do with this information is all up to you. Implement these good habits and you will start
to see your life change forever and your trading change forever. And if you are interested in my
story on how I made over 6 figures from trading, check out this video right here to find out more.
Smash the like button if you have enjoyed this video and hit on that subscribe button and welcome
to the tribe. And remember, you are just one trade away.
