Your mindset is your armor. Your trading strategy is your sword. Your risk management is your shield.
Gear up and that is how you defeat the markets. It was the summer of 2020 during the COVID-19
pandemic where we still had to wear masks and practice social distancing. I was tired of being
broke and I was so sick of losing money. So I sat there on my desk with a hot glass of green tea,
scrolling through hundreds of trading strategies on YouTube, thinking which one I should watch next.
I started to contemplate to myself, why is it so hard to make money from trading? Should I just
quit trading? There were so many videos on smart money concepts, price action, supply and demand,
and different trading indicators. So over the next few weeks, I tested out all these different
trading strategies. And at the end, I decided to choose price action because it's not only simple
to understand, but it's also very, very effective. A few months later, I chanced upon this one book
by Dr. Alexander Elder, who is a professional trader and a best-selling author. Through this book,
I discovered the formula to become profitable at trading. I finally started seeing some consistent
profits after I mastered this one formula. If you had to watch just one video that will make you a
profitable trader. This is it. I created this video for all the losing traders and most importantly,
it is directed to my past self to shorten the learning curve and help my past self become
profitable faster. There are three keys of trading that you must master if you want to become a
successful and profitable trader. It is called the holy trinity of trading. The three M's. Method,
money management, and mindset. Let's dive deep into each one of these three keys to trading success.
Method. Method is how you trade the market. Let's look at a trade where I took at the start of August,
which went to exactly where I wanted it to go. So over here right now, we are on gold and we first
start off by analyzing on the higher time frame to determine like the overall market structure and
it gives us like a bias whether we should enter for a sell or enter for a buy because we want to
trade with the trend, right? So on the daily time frame, you can already see that it's bearish market
structure. What do I mean by that? Lower highs, lower lows, lower highs, lower lows, another lower high
and price could be potentially creating another lower low right here, right? So I entered somewhere
around here. So what I did was that I went down to like the smaller time frame, the lower time frame
which was around one hour time frame to look for my entry, right? So on the one hour time frame,
I went down here and I identified a key level over here. You can see that's a key resistance area that
we have right here. Okay, so this is a key resistance area and I also saw that price created a new lower
high. You can see this high is lower than this high right here and this high is lower than this high
right here. So you can see in a way, right, price is creating your bearish market structure on a lower
time frame as well, on a smaller time frame as well. So right now, my higher time frame structure
align with my lower time frame structure, both bearish. So in this case, right, I'm looking to enter for
my sell position and I'm going to be entering when price has reached this resistance area, right?
So what I did was that I waited for price to get down to this resistance area that we have
right here. Waiter for it to break past it. As you can see right here, this was somewhat of like a false
breakouts. Okay, false breakout because price broke through it. There is no retest. There is no nice retest
before heading back up, right? It just broke through it and right now it's dropping already.
And at this point of time, right, what I even did was that I can pull out my Fibonacci, drag it from
point A to point B and I can see price managed to retrace to the 78.6 level. And right now, it's creating a new
lower high. So over here, I saw that price did this little double top. If you go down the 15-minute
time frame, you can see one top, double top. Double top right here, rejecting this key level that we have
right here. And another thing was that price was at this resistance level where that is already
sellers waiting for this area to short the price down, right? That is supply at this area. So first
confluence, price is at this key resistance level. Second confluence, there is a double top. Third
confluence could be market structure. This is a lower high, right? So now we had our three confluence,
so I immediately entered for a sell somewhere right around here. I don't remember the exact spot,
but somewhere right around here when this double top has been formed, entered for a sell here.
So obviously, I'm going to be placing my stop loss based on market structure, right? If I place it
based on market structure, that means it'll be above this last high right here, this last lower high
that we have right here. And I'll place it a few pips above it. Because if price eventually like
maybe starts coming down to this key level and retest it, and it actually go up, right? Because
turns out I was wrong, right? I was wrong. Then in that case, I can stop out over here because price
has broken market structure. And in that case, I'm okay with getting out of that trade, right?
That's when I need to tell you guys a point, right? When price hits your stop loss, the moment price
hits your stop loss, get out of that position. Never negotiate with your inner bitch. Your inner
bitch is telling you to, oh, you know what? You should like stay with the trade and you know,
just pray to God and hope that the trade will eventually turn around. But you end up just taking
a huge, massive loss, right? So once you're out of the position, then that is when you can re-evaluate
your situation with a clearer mind, right? Then that is when you can think about, oh, what actually
went wrong and how you can improve on this trade. And so you can, don't make this same old mistake
over and over again. So yeah. So place my stop loss above this last lower high that we have right
here. And my take profit was at the next key level, right? Was at the next key level, which if you
go down to like maybe the one hour time frame, you can see the next key level is actually
this key resistance area that we have drawn right here, right? One, two, three. Yeah.
This is a pretty solid support level. I mean, yeah, pretty solid support level. And in this
case, right, what I did was that I also plotted out a Fibonacci later on, later on, not now,
right? This was still at the start of the trade, right? So yeah, I basically wanted to place my
take profit level at this area. So what I did was that I draw multiple key levels below this
area right here because I know that price will go down to point A, point B, and most importantly,
this point C, potentially this point C that we have right here. Yeah. So this was the first key
level that I drawn and I expect price to go down to this area, which you can see price eventually
created a new lower high and yeah, went down to our first point A, right? So my ultimate take profit
was still at like point B, which was like still all the way down here, right? Still all the way down
here. And you can see the move on price created a new lower high that we have right here, right?
What I did was that I moved my stop loss to break even. Okay, actually when price goes down to like
somewhere right around here, that is when I already moved my stop loss to break even already.
And then when price created this new lower high that we have right here, that is when I moved my
stop loss from here. Goddamn trading view. I moved my stop loss from here all the way down to right
here. This new lower high a few pips above it. Alright, that's my new stop loss. And then now
I'm waiting for price to create a new lower high again. You can see price is like struggling to break
past this area. So this could be a new potential lower high. Or right here you can see price actually
went up a little bit. Okay, this will be a new lower high, right? This is a new low high. So the
moment price retraced once again, I could easily move my stop loss to over here. So right now, even
if I get stopped out, right? I will actually get stopped out with some profits actually. So what you
can even do in this case is that plot like a Fibonacci point A to point B right here. And you can see
price has retraced to 38.2 and it's gonna go down to this 1922 area that we have right here. Or you can
even draw another Fibonacci right here. Point A to point B right here. You can see price will go down
to this 1915 area that we have right here. This negative 27 extension level. So that was what I was
counting on the trade to do. You can see price eventually slowly but surely made its way down
to our take profit area which was this key level that we have right here. Yeah, this key level that
we have right here. The moment, I mean the reason why I placed this key level is if you look to the left,
there's a lot of demand at this area, isn't it? You can see price come back down here, pump back up,
come back down, pump back up, come back down, pump back up, come back out, pump back up. So that's
like a very key demand zone that we have right here. And another thing you can put is, I mean
another key level you can put is somewhere right around here. Yeah, somewhere right around here. You
can see right here also can be another key level. So if price break through this area right here,
most likely is going to get down to this 1902 area that we have right here. And it's also kind
of lining up with the negative 61.8 extension level. Yeah, let's fast forward to the present
actually. I can see price actually eventually went all the way down to this 1902 area and it even
went down to my ultimate area, my ultimate key level, I mean, which is this 1890 that I have
drawn right here. Yeah, it literally went all the way down there. So that was basically how this
beautiful trade play out. It went to exactly where I predicted it would go. It smashed point
A, point B, point C, point D. As simple as that guys, pure price action. How do you know
if your trading strategy works? You need to trade on a demo account for a few months and achieve
a consistently profitable track record. If that strategy is not profitable, immediately get
rid of it and test out another trading strategy. Like I said, there are thousands of trading strategies
out there for you to choose from. You need to choose one that is backtested and proven to be
effective and profitable. And it also suits your personality and your schedule. For me,
I chose price action and that is the only method that I trade and teach to my students. If you want
to learn how to trade price action, check out my free trading courses playlist in the description.
And the ultimate resource on how I trade price action is the trading blueprint. Within my trading
course, you will not only learn about my method, but you will also learn how I manage the mind
and money aspects. Check it out if you want. Based on what type of trader you are, then that is when
you can determine what timeframes will you be analysing the charts on and getting your entries.
For example, a scalper can be entering their trades on the 5-minute timeframe, but a swing trader
will enter his trade on let's say the 1-hour timeframe. So it's all like different timeframe
comparing to different type of trading style that you have. And then you also have to figure out
what trading strategy will be using. Are you going to be using price action or different indicators
like Bollinger Bands, RSI or MACD or even smart money concepts? Now bear in mind that all trading
strategies work, be it price action or smart money or indicators or ICT concepts. All trading
strategies work. You just need to find one trading strategy that works, that is effective,
that you like, that suits you and stick to it. That's it. Money management. Money management
is how you manage your risk and reward. How you manage your money will determine how long
you last in the market. So if you want to trade for the long term and make consistent profits,
you have to protect your downside. And that is exactly why you need to master money management.
Without proper money management, you will lose more money than you make and you will blow
accounts. As traders, our goal is to take the trades with the lowest risk and the highest reward.
Money management will allow you to minimize your losses and maximize your profits so you can
actually become profitable in the long run. Only trade with money you can afford to lose.
If you need that money to pay rents or your daily expenses, do not, I repeat, do not put it inside
your trading account. If you only have $1,000 in your bank account, don't put all that $1,000 into
your trading account because you'll be so attached to the money that your emotions will get involved
and it will cause you to make bad trading decisions. Take a small portion of it and put it inside your
trading account. In this case, you will be so attached to the money and it won't affect your
mental state as much. Always think about risk before reward. Before you take that trade, instead
of thinking how much money you can potentially make if you are right, think about how much you will lose
if you are wrong. Are you okay with losing that amount of money? If not, use a smaller lot size.
Determine your risk per trade. The general rule is to risk 1% to 2% on each trade. This means that if
you have $1,000 in your trading account, you should only risk 1%, which is $10 on each trade. If you are
a beginner, you will 100% make mistakes and lose money in the market. Knowing that you will 100% lose
money, you should be smart enough to risk 1% on each trade so you can actually like minimize the amount
of money that you lose. As time passes, when you become more confident and more competent with your
trading, that is when you can slowly increase your risk per trade to an amount where you are more
comfortable with. Most traders, they risk way too much at the start because they want to get rich quick fast
and they will over leverage and blow their accounts. And they eventually give up and end up quitting
trading within 6 months. And they don't last long enough to see themselves become truly successful at
trading. Don't rush the process guys. Focus on capital preservation. Capital preservation means that you
need to manage your trading capital so that you are not wasting too much of it on any single trade. And also,
you are not trading too often. Be like a sniper instead of a machine gun and take one good trade
and then the next good trade and then the next good trade. One by one. Only use your trading capital
when a high probability trade setup appears. If you do this, you will have enough capital reserved for
the better trades. Don't blow your trading capital by over trading and taking all the shitty trades.
If you do that, you won't have enough capital that is reserved for the good trade setups. It's like a
boxer regulating his energy so he doesn't burn out all his fuel in the first round. If he put in 100% of
his energy in the first round, he may beat the shit out of the opponent. But then what about the other
rounds? The remaining rounds? He doesn't have enough energy to sustain himself for the whole fight and
eventually the opponent who is able to reserve and conserve his energy properly throughout the entire
fight will win and put the other boxer in his place. My profits skyrocketed when I decided to make
every trade a smart risk to reward decision. If the trade does not have a minimum risk to reward ratio of
1 is to 3, I will not take that trade. I will wait patiently for the next opportunity that will give
me a better entry so that I can have a higher risk to reward ratio. If you are truly disciplined,
every trade that you take should only end in 4 ways. Big win, small win, break even, small loss.
It should never ever end with a big loss. If you don't manage your money properly, it doesn't matter
if you have the best trading strategy in the world, you will still lose. I've been saying this same
advice for the past 2 years now so if you go onto my youtube and swap my videos to the oldest right,
you will see me talking about this same old shit over and over again for the past goddamn 2 years.
Most traders are chasing high returns and that is exactly why these same traders are getting
either low returns or no returns at all. 5% per month consistently over the long term
will make you a millionaire trader. Think long term. The final M is mindset. If you don't have a proper
trading mindset, you won't make money consistently. Yes, you can make some money here and there out
of pure luck but you will end up losing the money that you have made. Everything begins or ends with
your trading mindset. When you are trading your hard earned money, you are going to experience a lot of
emotions like fear, doubt and greed. All these emotions will cause you to make stupid decisions. This
means that if you trade based on your emotions, you will lose money. In trading, you don't get paid
for your time. You get paid by your decisions. So it is very important for you to learn how to control
your emotions so that you can actually make the right decisions when you trade. Accept that losses are
part of trading. It's part of the game. Expect your trades to lose 50% of the time. Embrace the fact that
losses and wins are inevitable for any trading strategy. If you can't learn to accept small losses,
sooner or later, you will take big losses. There's a lot of factors that goes into developing a proper
trading mindset. And if you want to learn more, check out this video right here where I literally
teach you how to eliminate your emotions so that you can win more trades and lose less. But if there is
one thing that you must understand about trading psychology, it is discipline. 80% of trading losses
can be prevented if you just trade with discipline. Discipline is not an option but a must in trading.
The discipline required to follow your trading plan. The discipline to use the correct lot size.
The discipline to patiently wait for the perfect trade setup. Discipline is the only secret to
profitability. At the end of the day, you can't control your emotions. Because when your emotions
are high, your logic is low. So your emotions will take control of you. But what you can control is
whether you have the discipline to do the hard things. The things that separate the professional
traders from all the losers. Most people think that profitable trading is staring at the charts all day.
But in reality, profitable trading is about doing nothing and patiently waiting for the perfect A plus
trade setup to appear. Now all these 3 keys, they are equally important. They will form the backbone of
your trading plan. It's like a chair with 3 legs. If you remove one of them, you will fall and hurt yourself.
Or in this case, your trading account. This means that you need to master all these 3 keys if you
want to become a successful trader. You can have the best trading strategy that works 90% of the time
but still lose money if you don't practice proper money management and you don't have the proper trading
mindset. And money management and a proper trading mindset won't help you unless you have a winning
strategy that is backed up by a profitable proven track record. And by the way, shameless shout out
here. I teach all of this in the trading blueprint. Every human has 2 traders within us. The builder
and the wrecker. The builder is the positive trader. The one that's optimistic and believes that you can
succeed and he trusts that results will come with consistency and is always learning from his mistakes
and has a growth mindset and is able to adapt to the market consistently. On the other hand, the wrecker.
The wrecker is a negative trader that blames the market or someone else whenever his strategy fails
again. He's fixated on getting rich fast, which means that he will go against all the rules in his
own trading plan. And he has a huge ego and he wants to be right all the time rather than make money.
And he tells you that you will never succeed at trading because 90% lose. For most people,
the builder is stuck in the trunk at the back of your car. Your headspace is your car and you are
the driver. While you are driving, you have the wrecker in the passenger seat telling you that you
can't succeed. You suck at trading. And then you start to hear this, no, no, no, no, no, no. And you
are thinking, what the fuck is that mumbling? What is that mumbling that is at the back of the trunk?
It's the builder. The person who is rooting for you and wants to see you succeed. But he's stuck
in the trunk with his hands cable tied and duct tape on his mouth. Your job in life is to develop
to such a high place where you take the wrecker out of the passenger seat, tie his hands, put a
duct tape across his mouth and throw him back to the back of the fucking trunk and take out the
builder and put him in your passenger seat. That is your role in trading in life. Unless you do the
work, you will not hear the builder over the wrecker. Now you must be thinking, oh, hey,
Brad, what if you just kick the wrecker out of the car? That's never gonna happen. Because life is
funny this way. We are supposed to have the builder and the wrecker within us, the angel and the devil.
You know, it's like those cartoons where you watch where the main character is like deciding what to
do. And then there is the angel telling him good things on the left shoulder. And then there is
the devil telling him bad things on the right shoulder. Same thing. You can't get rid of the
devil permanently. But what you can do is to begin to control and silence the wrecker over time. Now,
the only way you can do that is by doing the work, choosing the path of most resistance, choosing
discipline over profits, choosing money over ego and duty over desire. Follow your trading plan,
start journaling your trades, review and study your trades. Trade like a sniper instead of a machine
gun. That is the only way you can silence the wrecker. Your actions determine who's sitting in the
passenger seat, the wrecker or the builder. You decide. Yes, profitable trading is not comfortable.
But who said trading is supposed to be easy and comfortable? If trading is easy, everyone,
every single trader would be driving a Lamborghini on the road. But that's not the truth, isn't it?
I had to go back in time and start all over from scratch. I would do these five things. These are the
same five things that have made me a profitable trader and turned me from a broke 18 year old kid
to a guy who's making over six figures from trading. The first thing is rules. You need to have trading
rules, right? Trading is like a business. So you have to treat it just like a business. And you have to have
rules to structure your trading. And most importantly, you have to follow these rules and never ever defy
them day in, day out, religiously follow them. Number two, discipline. Just like I mentioned earlier,
you need the discipline to do the right things, to do the hard things, to do the things that make you
very uncomfortable, very hard, but it benefits you in the long run. You know, things like following your
trading plan, reviewing your trading journal, journaling down your trades and waiting for the
patient, rather patiently waiting for the perfect trade setup. That is discipline. You need the
discipline in order to become a profitable trader. That is the only so-called secret to becoming a
profitable trader. Number three, risk. Accept risk. Without risk, there is no reward. You need risk in
order to make money. Think about that for a minute. If all the successful people in the world did not take the
risk, there won't be all these companies like Facebook, Google, Apple. No, none of that. They
all got to where they are today because they took risk. And you need to learn to take calculated risk,
right? Don't be stupid enough to like take random risk where you bet all your life savings in some
shitty Bitcoin or some shitty crypto that were like apparently 100x in the next 12 months. That's just
pure stupidity. That is not calculated risk. You need to take calculated risk. Meaning, do the research.
This research will help to reduce the risk in the investment that you're about to take,
right? So do the research, do the work, and this risk will be somewhat reduced. But understand that
the market is uncertain. The risk will forever be there. But just by studying and learning everything
that is to know about trading, it gives you an edge, right? It gives you like a higher priority of you
winning the trade. Number four, patience. Like I said just now, profitable trading is not staring at charts
all day. For me, I don't like to stare at charts all day, which is why I don't actually stare at charts
all day. I'm only going to be trading when there's opportunities and when I'm free. That's it. As
simple as that. I'm not going to be trading and looking at the charts all day, every single hour
of the day from 8am till 8pm because that's what I used to do last time, right? So if I do that,
I always went into the mindset where I think that, oh, you know what? Today is a new day.
I have to make money today. So you know what? I'm just going to go into the charts and take a trade,
which I'm not supposed to. There is no opportunity, but guess what? I'm just going to take that trade
anyways because I want to make money today. Today. I want it right now. I want instant gratification.
Society, TikTok, all this stuff has really like given us the option to instant gratification. If you want
a nice meal, you can just order Uber Eats or grab food and the food is going to deliver to your house
in 30 minutes. But back in the hunter-gatherer days, the hunters have to literally go out there,
kill animals and hunt for food on their own, with their own will, with their own power, spending a
lot of time in the jungle, worrying about whether they will die by some freaking saber-toothed tiger or
some shit. Don't give in to instant gratification, right? Be patient, take the right trade, take the
perfect trade setups that will actually give you a higher chance of you making money and preserve
your capital for these trade setups instead of spamming them on those shitty later trades that
you'll take throughout the day. So for me, what I like to do is to set alerts at like a key level
where I want to enter for a buy at. So when price eventually reaches that key level, that is when
TradingView will notify me, send me a notification telling me that, hey Brad, you know what?
EURESD is at this key level. Then that is when I can open up my laptop and then analyze the charts
and enter the trade from there. As simple as that, I don't set the charts all day. Lastly,
time. Trading is actually a maybe get-rich-quick-slow scheme. Does that make sense?
Right? I came into trading with the mindset that I'm going to become a funded trader or I'm going to
become a profitable trader within the first six months. And that was the wrong mindset because I
remember I started trading for three months and then I went on to start my first life account
after three months. And then I blow my first account, which was $500. And I blow the second
account, $500 gone. And I kept on blowing accounts after accounts because I was skipping the process.
I wanted to get-rich-quick fast, honestly. I was damn sick of being broke and I wanted to become a
millionaire trader and live this dream lifestyle that every trader is living, right? So I skipped the
process. I skimmed through all the study materials, quickly went into the life account, started making
a shit ton of mistakes, lose a whole lot of money, lose pretty much 80% of my life savings back then.
And then I just made mistakes and mistakes and I just ended up didn't really becoming profitable
until maybe like my second or third year. So guys, understand that trading requires a lot of time and
consistency. It's all about consistency. When people see me make over $50,000 in a month
or even $100,000 in a month, right? They think that I just made this $50,000 in a month.
That is not true. I didn't make that in a month. It's hours, hundreds of hours on the charts,
spending years on the charts and reviewing my trading journal, figuring out what works and
what doesn't work. That is what got me to making $50,000 per month. But it's not overnight. It takes a
lot, a lot, a lot of time. And you guys need to have the patience to really trust the process and
trust the fact that you will make it as long as you are disciplined enough to do the hard things,
the uncomfortable things that separates the profitable traders from the losers. With discipline
come profits. So these are the five things. You have to have a set of trading rules. You have to have
solid trading discipline and need to accept risk. And you also need the patience to wait for the perfect
trade setup. And lastly, you need to give it some time, guys. It's not gonna make you a million air
trader next week or maybe even the next year, right? It all depends on what type of trader you are and
how good you are. Some people can become profitable traders within the first one year. But some people
can take maybe three years or even four years to become profitable traders. And some can take five
years but never ever see any consistent profits. Like I said, it all depends on you. Depends on whether you
are disciplined enough to do the hard things. If you do that, I can guarantee you there's gonna
be a higher chance of you becoming a profitable trader. Four months left in 2023. Alright, rather,
by the time this video get uploaded, it's three months left to 2023. Make it worth. Make it count.
Now, if you want to learn how to master trading within six months, watch this video next. Trust me,
this is the best video that you'll watch on trading that's on my YouTube channel. It will teach you
everything that's to know on how to master trading and how to make six figures from scratch. Watch this
right here. And remember, you're just one trade away.
