How many times have you gotten in right here just to see that it is actually a major fakeout?
Don't worry because in this video, I want to show you a simple breakout trading strategy
that will allow you to profit from these huge movements.
Firstly, what is a breakout?
A breakout is basically when price break through a key support or resistance level
which usually leads to huge price movements.
So in this example, you can see that price is actually consolidating.
So we can place a resistance level above right here and place a support level below right here
because price rejected it multiple times.
As soon as price break out of the key level, the market start trending and heading back down.
So you could have easily entered for a sell position somewhere right around here.
Now the question is, how do we find setups like this where the market actually breaks out?
A lot of people will ask you to look out for breakout patterns like wedge, pennants, triangles.
Ugh, shut up bro.
To be honest, like these drawings you see online look nothing like the actual charts.
Look at this example right here.
You can see that this is actually a pennant chart pattern
and this is what it looks like in drawing, in textbook, right?
But if you place it on the charts, it looks nothing like that bro.
Like look at this.
This is an ugly-ass pennant.
Look, the truth is I have never memorized a single breakout pattern and I still became profitable
because you must understand that all of these breakout patterns,
they are based on the concept that price will break out after it consolidates.
So instead of memorizing freaking breakout patterns, here's what you can do instead.
When price is consolidating, draw key levels.
So you can see like all these lower highs, you can just connect these with a trend line.
And then what you want to do is to trade the breakout.
Now the next question you might have is that,
will the breakout happen to the upside or to the downside?
So traders, they will often make this mistake.
When they see that price break out of the key level just like this,
they immediately get into the trade just to realize that this is actually a freaking fakeout.
So you just end up losing a whole lot of money.
This is the wrong mindset to have because when price break out, it does not equal to a trend.
Because to be honest with you, 80% of the time when price actually break out,
it's actually a false breakout.
So how do we actually prevent these nasty false breakouts?
You need to look for momentum candles at the breakout.
So a momentum candle can be in the form of a big fat candle or multiple medium-sized candles.
Right here, we can see that price is actually forming lower highs,
which means that we can draw like a downward trend line above here
and place a key level at the support area right here, this key support level.
To be honest, I don't even know what breakout pattern this is.
Next, we saw that a big green candle just broke out of the upper trend line.
So now, three things can happen.
So the first scenario is that price can continue to go up even higher.
And the second scenario is that price can make a pullback
and retest the trend line before going up even higher.
And the last scenario is that price can reverse and head back down
and this will count as a false breakout.
So what should we do right now?
Do we buy here or do we wait for price to retest before entering for a buy position?
So instead of trying to predict what will happen next,
what I will do is to enter for a buy position at the momentum candle close right here
and set my stop loss slightly below the upper trend line.
By doing this, I will still benefit from every scenario.
If price goes up even higher, I make money.
If price retests and go up, my stop loss will not get hit and I still make money.
However, if it's a false breakout, my stop loss will get hit and this will prevent me from losing more money.
Now, where do you place your take profit?
You must remember that when price break out, price tend to go up even higher.
So there is a lot of upsides.
So if you just place your take profit at 2 times your stop loss,
you are limiting the amount of money that you can potentially make.
So what I will personally do is that I will take partial profits when price reaches 1 is to 3.
Right here, right here, I will have closed like half of the trade.
And then after I close half, I will move my stop loss into break even
and also let like the remaining of the trade run.
Until the moving average cross over right here, then I will get out of the trade.
So at this point of time, I will have closed all of my trades.
By doing this, you are able to benefit when the price make a huge movement
because half of your positions are still open.
But if you have closed all your positions at a first profit target,
you will have missed all this upside potential.
So in this example, you can see that price went up without retesting the trend line,
which is why I prefer to enter right away because most breakouts actually happen without a pullback.
So if you are constantly waiting for a pullback to happen before entering,
you will probably miss out on a lot of profits.
Here's another example.
You can see that right now, price is consolidating and it's also creating lower highs.
So I can connect like a little upper trend line right here.
And I can also draw my key support level right here.
So you can see at this point of time, price actually broke out of the upper trend line, right?
But you can see after it broke out, it did not give like a momentum candle.
The next candle is actually like a red candle,
which show us that price is rejecting this upper trend line.
And this is actually a false breakout.
So in this case, you should not have entered right here.
Next, we can see that a red candle actually broke below the key level.
But right again, it is still too small for us to consider it as a momentum candle.
So we continue waiting.
Next, you can finally see that there is multiple red candles that form after that,
which show us that this is a momentum candle.
Because remember, a momentum candle can either be a big fat candle or multiple medium-sized candles.
And this is what it's showing us right now, multiple red medium-sized candles.
So you could have entered for our sell position right here
and placed your stop loss above this key support level.
So for your first take profit, you can place it at 1 is to 3 risk to reward ratio right here.
So for my second take profit, what I will do is to place my exponential moving averages.
And then I will hold the remaining of the trade until the moving average crossover,
which is right here.
This is when the moving average starts crossing over.
So at this point of time, this will be my second take profit level.
Yup.
So basically, I will have closed the first half of my position right here
when price reaches the 1 is to 3 risk to reward ratio.
And then I will close the other half of the position right here
when the moving average actually starts crossing back over.
If you found this video helpful, make sure you scroll down right now
and smash the like button and also hit on that subscribe button.
And if you are curious about how I use this red and blue moving averages
to trade and get my sniper entries, you can check out this video right here.
Remember, you're just one trade away.
Mmm.
Mwah.
