Trading was so hard for me at the start because I was only looking for trends.
I was so obsessed with the trend because you hear this advice all the time.
Oh, you should trade with the trend. The trend is your friend.
I love the trend but I was so obsessed with the trend to the point where
it actually caused me to lose a lot of money trading
because I did not understand the other states the market can actually create every single day.
So I was all about the trend, the trend, the trend.
All of my strategies that I created was based on the trend
and the next thing you know, the market goes sideways and I lose money.
So if you really want to scalp or trade every single day,
you must learn the other states of the market
because the market actually goes sideways 80% of the time.
The first state is trending state.
So there are basically only two types of trend, a strong trend and a white trend.
This is what a strong trend look like.
You can clearly see that price is going down right now, right?
So in a strong trend, price is either going up, creating a higher highs and higher lows
or going down, creating a lower highs and lower lows.
So in this case, price is going down.
It's a downtrend and it's a very strong downtrend.
So in this case, you want to take the advice that you should trade with the trend.
So in this downtrend, you should only be looking to sell.
And you can see in this example, I've plotted the 20 moving average.
You can also use the 50 moving average if you want.
But you can see whenever price bounces off the 20 moving average, it goes down even further.
So this show us that this is a very strong downtrend.
Now we have the white trend.
So in a white trend just like this, what you can do is to draw channels just like this.
You can basically draw like a trend line to connect all these lows, connect all these highs.
Then there you have it, a channel.
So how this channel works is that you can both buy and sell,
which means you can profit whether the market goes up or goes down.
You can trade in both ways.
So in this case, you could have entered for a buy right here
when you see like a bullish engulfing candlestick
and price just bouncing off this bottom channel.
And then it goes up to the upper channel.
And then over here, you see this bearish engulfing candlestick.
You can enter for a sell position right here.
And then come back up here, enter for a buy.
And then over here, enter for a buy.
And then over here, enter for a sell.
As simple as that, right?
So in white trend just like this, you can both buy and sell.
So you can benefit from the market whether it goes up or down.
You can profit from both ways.
But in strong trends just like this, you only want to trade with the trend.
Trade in the direction of the trend.
So in this downtrend, you will only be looking to sell.
And in the uptrend, you will only be looking to buy.
So you can only benefit from like one way.
The next state is the reversal state.
I used to enter for a buy right here because I thought that price is in an uptrend.
So you should enter for a buy, right?
Wrong!
Because there is actually a resistance level right here.
Whenever price gets up to this level, it always come back down.
Go back up, come back down.
So if you did enter for a buy position right there, guess what happens next?
Price goes down and reverse and just go to shit.
And just go to shit.
So if you enter for a buy right there, you just lost a whole lot of money.
I did not understood support and resistance level back then,
which is why I will commit this stupid mistake.
So how do you know when price is reversing?
There are many reversal candlestick patterns out there
and also reversal chart patterns like your double top, double bottom, heads and shoulders.
So when you see any of these reversal candlestick patterns or chart patterns
at a key level, that means price is reversing.
In this example, price actually from a creeper top right here.
Triple top.
Three times, it failed to break past this strong resistance level.
Three times, it got rejected at this strong resistance level.
This show us that this is a very strong resistance level
and price is not going to break past it.
So it's going to reverse and head back down.
So we should be looking to sell right here.
Not only is there a triple top chart pattern,
but there is also a bearish engulfing candlestick right here.
You can see this big, fat, red, juicy candlestick right here.
We're just rejecting this major resistance level.
This tells us that there's a lot of selling pressure.
There's a lot of momentum.
A lot of sellers in this market pushing the price down at this level.
So you can have entered for our sell position right here and look at what price did.
It just absolutely toppled and you have made a whole lot of profits.
The third state is the breakout state.
So what is a breakout?
I did a very good explanation right here.
Firstly, what is a breakout?
A breakout is basically when price breaks through a key support or resistance level,
which usually leads to huge price movements.
So when price is consolidating just like this, you want to trade the breakout.
So when price breaks out of this consolidation, that is when you enter for the trade.
But you never ever want to trade when price is inside the consolidation.
I've learned in the hard way that when I trade consolidation just like this,
when the market is going sideways, I lose the most amount of money.
I will explain why to you later.
Over here, when price has finally broken out of this consolidation,
it gave us a big red candlestick, which tells us that there is a lot of volume
pushing the price down, breaking out of this entire consolidation.
So when price breaks out with a big candlestick like this,
this means that most likely this is a successful breakout and price is going to continue going down.
However, if you see a small candlestick like this at like a key level like this,
that means most likely it's not going to break out
because there is not much volume pushing the price below this key level.
Which brings us to the next state, which is the pullback state.
So when price breaks out of a key level,
most of the time it's going to come back up to retest that same key level.
You can see price breakout again, come back up to retest this same key level.
So when price actually break out,
you do not want to enter when price just retrace a little bit like this
and just enter like randomly.
You want to wait for price to retrace or pull back all the way up to a key level,
which in this case, there is a key level right here.
And you can see right here,
this is when price has finally pulled back all the way up to this key level here.
And this is when we can enter for the trade.
And you cannot enter immediately because when price retrace to a key level,
you want to look out for some sort of signs,
some sort of candlestick patterns that show you that price is going to continue to go down.
So using this example, you can see price has broke out of this key level,
come back up to retest this key level and gave us like a evening star candlestick pattern.
For those of you who do not know what's a evening star candlestick pattern,
it's basically a reversal candlestick pattern that tell us that price is going to go down now.
So that is what it showed us at this key level.
So we can enter for sell position right here and you can see price just hit down.
The next state is the ranging state.
Oh my god, I hate this state as much as I hate spiders.
This is the hardest state to trade in,
which is why I do not trade when price is going sideways and consolidating just like this.
I have learned this lesson the hard way because in my first year of trading,
I lost the most amount of money trading consolidation.
Because most of the time when price is consolidating,
it will not just be like so nice like going up and down like this, right?
This is what textbooks are telling you.
Because in reality, this is what it actually looks like.
Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew.
It's not as nice as what the internet show you that it's just like this.
It's not like that.
Which is why it is so unpredictable and hard to trade consolidation.
Here's the reality of consolidation.
Most of the time, price will break out of the support level just like this and then go back up
and then break out of the resistance level just like this and then go back down.
So if you follow most bad advice where they just tell you to sell when price break through the support level,
you enter for sell right here, price go back up and you lose money.
And then they say buy when price break through the resistance
and then you enter for buy here, price go down.
And you end up like, what is going on, man?
So if you really want to trade the breakout of a consolidation,
you want to wait for volume to push price right through this,
come back up to retest this level and then that is when you can enter for the trade.
If you love the way that I teach, make sure you smash the like button and hit on that subscribe button.
And if you want to learn a simple but high win rate strategy, you can check out this video right here.
Welcome to the tribe and remember, you're just one trade away.
