The reason why a lot of you guys lose money in the market is because
you guys do not know when to correctly get into the market.
Like, let's put aside psychology and risk management.
So if you know when to correctly get into the market,
you are just going to make money, as simple as that.
Some people get in too early, some people get in too late.
And both of these scenarios will cause you guys to lose a lot of money.
But before I start, I just want to say that I hear you guys
and I'm going to be posting a lot more price action videos over the next few weeks
because we all know that price action is king
and my goal on this channel is to help you guys become consistently profitable.
So of course, I'm going to give you guys the best strategy ever.
So I have a lot of examples on the screen right now to show you what you do
because like I said, I've been trading for a few years.
So I have done the exact same mistakes.
Let's get right into it.
So tell me if this scenario looked familiar.
You see like a big candlestick piercing through like a certain key level
and then because of your fear of missing out,
you decided to get in for a buy right here
when price did this big fat candlestick
and you see everybody's buying so you want to enter for a buy.
And then the next thing you know, price decided to drop back down.
Sounds familiar?
I'm pretty sure it does, right?
Because I personally committed this same exact mistake
so many damn times in my first year of trading.
So the problem here is you are not being patient enough.
Like because of fear of missing out, so you get in for a buy right here.
And where will you place your stop loss?
Like right down here and then where will you place your take profit?
Maybe like right up here, there's like a key level, right?
And you can see like the risk to reward ratio is just wrong.
It's 0.4.
That's like shit.
So you do not want to place it like this, right?
You always want to have like a good risk to reward ratio,
like 1 is to 2, 1 is to 3, right?
So if you get in right there,
it will just ruin your risk to reward ratio
because you got a higher chance of losing that trade
compared to winning that trade.
So make sure you always be patient.
Do not let FOMO take control of you
and wait for price to get to a certain key level or trend line,
then get into the trade.
So to determine when to correctly get into the trade,
you must use all the technical analysis tools in your arsenal.
So things like support and resistance levels,
which are basically like key levels
that tell us that price is going to reverse
or going to break past that key level.
or Japanese candlesticks,
which tell us every single thing
we need to know about price right now.
Is there more buyers in the market
or is there more sellers in the market?
And then there's trend lines
to help you identify the trend direction
and also your moving average,
like the indicator that I have right now.
So we have to use all these tools
to figure out whether we should go in for a buy
or go in for a sell.
So the most important point here
is that you do not want to get in
when price is in the middle of nowhere.
So this is the key level.
This is the key level.
And right here,
this is when price is in the middle of nowhere
and you do not want to get in for a buy.
Let's say you get in for a buy here.
Your stop loss will be below the support.
Take profit at the resistance level.
You can see like the risk to drop ratio
is just not worth it, guys.
This is not a worth it trade, all right?
This is not peng.
So you do not want to get in right here.
So you always want to make sure
you wait for price to get to a certain key level
or a trend line
before you're considering taking a trade.
So let's say if you enter right here,
okay, stop loss will be below.
And then you'll take profit all the way up here.
Now, that's what we are talking about.
1 is to 7 risk to reward ratio.
You're essentially risking $1 to make $7.
And this is just so much more worth it.
So another tool that you guys can use
is your trend line.
So like example,
let's say I probably trend line right here
and I can draw like my little resistance area right here.
Yup.
So basically make sure you use
all the technical analysis tool in your arsenal
to just help you determine when to enter for a buy
and when to enter for a sell.
So when price is at a trend line,
price can only do two things, all right?
Price can either bounce off this trend line like this
and continue going back up
or price can break through this trend line
and just head back down.
It's really just as simple as that.
Price can only do two things.
It can either bounce off
and continue in that trend direction
or break and go in the opposite direction.
As simple as that, guys.
So I see so many opportunities
where you could have gotten on this big trade.
So when price come back down to this trend line,
so let's say you have drawn like this trend line right here
and price come back down to this trend line,
look at what the candlesticks are showing you
at the trend line, right?
So you zoom in, I see, all right.
So that is, what is this?
This is your Morningstar candlestick pattern.
So it's like a three candlestick pattern
that show you that price is gonna reverse
and head back up, right?
So that is one confluence.
Right now, price showed us
the Morningstar candlestick pattern
which show us that price is gonna reverse
and head back up.
So that's one.
Number two, what's your second confluence?
Your second confluence is that price
is at this major trend line right here.
So the third confluence could be
you waiting for a moving average crossover, right?
So if you go down to like the one hour
or even the four hour timeframe,
you'll see like the moving average has already crossed over.
So you can see, you go down to the four hour timeframe
or let's just go down to the one hour timeframe
to look for our sniper entries.
You can see like over here,
all the candlesticks are below the moving average
is below the black line.
And then at this point of time,
this is when the black line starts crossing
and now the candlesticks are above the moving average.
So this is when the moving average has crossed over.
So combine this with the other two confluence
which is right now price is at this trend line
and number three, right now,
there is a Morningstar candlestick being formed
on the four hour or daily timeframe, right?
So you can get in for a buy position somewhere around here.
And in this example,
you'll place your stop loss below the trend line.
So this is the last higher low.
Remember structure guys, this is the last higher low.
And then you'll place your take profit
all the way up at the next resistance area, right?
I see a little resistance area being formed right here.
Yeah, you can see there's like a little strong resistance area
being formed right here.
You can place your take profit all the way up here.
You can see whenever price gets up here,
it reverse one time, second time, third time, four time.
A lot of times, whenever price is up here,
it always reverse.
So this shows us that right now,
this area is a very strong resistance area.
So you can see the trend literally went
all the way up there, guys.
Like I'm not joking or I'm not lying to you guys.
You guys must take this seriously, all right?
Like it's really just as simple as that.
You wait for price to get to either a trend line
or a key level and then look for multiple confluences.
Use all the technical analysis tools in your arsenal.
Trendline, support resistance, candlesticks,
moving average, Fibonacci,
whatever tools that you have, use it, all right?
They are not there just to like for decoration
or just to for show, all right?
They are there because it helps you determine
when to get in for the trade.
So don't worry if you still do not understand.
I'm gonna show you a few examples.
And by the end of this video,
I can guarantee you that you're gonna understand
this entire strategy and you will know
when to buy and when to sell.
So here's an example in the downtrend.
So you can see this beautiful downtrend,
just draw like a trend line right here,
connecting all the lower highs.
One, two, three, four, all right, five.
So all of these lower highs are touching the trend line.
So this is a valid trend line.
Let's say price has already like
went all the way down here, right?
Price has already went all the way down here.
You do not want to enter right here, guys.
If you enter right here for a sell,
because like you want to trade with the trend, right?
So this is the downtrend, you want to enter for a sell.
So if you enter for a sell right here,
your stop loss must be all the way up here,
all the way up here,
because this is still the last lower high, all right?
This is still the last lower high.
So you do not want to enter right here.
If price has already made a large move,
just like this, this is a large move.
Be patient, wait for price to go back up to the trend line
to create your new lower high.
And then this is when you can get in for the trade, all right?
So right now, still be patient
and do not enter for the trade yet.
Let me just speed this up a little bit
and you can see like, okay, price get up here,
get up here, all right?
Get up here, wait, wait, wait for price to touch the trend line.
Okay, right here, this is when price touch the trend line.
Okay, so remember when I said that
when price is at the trend line,
it can do two things, right?
Price can either break through this thing
and start going up like this,
creating your high, high, high low, going up like this,
or price can continue going down, right?
Bounce off the trend line, continue going down.
Price can only do these two things, guys.
So right here, we see price bouncing off the trend line, right?
And we want to look for other confluences
because that is only one confluence.
This trend line bounce is only one confluence.
Okay, basically, confluence means confirmation or reasons, right?
If you guys do not understand what's confluence.
So that is one confluence.
The second confluence would be some sort of candlestick pattern.
So you go down, you'll see like, all right, right here,
this is when price is showing us a little bit of doji's.
You see, one doji, two doji.
And you can see like, price is showing us a lot of weeks.
One, two, three, four, five, six, six weeks.
Basically show us that price is like,
not breaking past this trend line.
It's just like, getting rejected at this trend line.
So there is not only weeks at this area, right?
There is also a bearish engulfing candlestick right here.
This big red candlestick that show us
that there is a lot of selling pressure in this market, right?
That means this price is gonna go down.
So that is two confluence.
Now we need to look for one more confluence.
So there's actually like a little trend line.
I mean like a little resistance area right here.
You can see whenever price is up here,
it always reverse, reverse.
You can see there's like a little resistance area right here.
So that can be another confluence
that this is a resistance area.
So now we got three confluence.
Your fourth confluence could be the moving average crossover, right?
Like I can go down to the one hour
or even the four hour time frame,
you'll see like the moving average has crossed over.
Because right now it's on the daily time frame.
So it's a little bit slow
and because price react a little bit slower
on the higher time frames.
But if I go down to the four hour
or the one hour time frame,
you'll see like the moving average has already crossed over.
I would love to show you that,
but trading view does not want me to shine.
Like when I go down to one hour time frame,
it says that like the data is not available.
So we'll just have to use the daily time frame.
So now we got four confluence.
We can get in for a sell position.
So we will get in for a sell position right here
and we'll place our stop loss above like this resistance area
or above this trend line.
And we can place our take profit
either at this support area right here.
You can see there's this like little support area
being from right here, right?
Whenever price down here,
you always like reverse and head back up.
Or we can place it at right here,
another support level right here.
This is the lowest point price went to
before price like retrace and pull back
all the way up here, right?
So this can be our take profit.
So let's just place our take profit right here
and let's see how this trade plays out.
So before I do that, look at this trade.
It has a 1 is a 3.6 risk to reward ratio.
That means you are essentially risking $1 to make $3,
10 cents to make 30 cents, $1,000 to make $30.
I mean $1,000 to make $3,000, right?
My brain just glitched there.
Is that worth it?
That's definitely worth it, right?
You are potentially getting so much more in return
than what you are risking.
So this is a decent trade
and let's see how this trade plays out.
All right, all right.
Price go down, go down, go down
and ultimately smash our take profit right here.
You can see this price action trading strategy works, right?
Price action is king.
Price action will always be king.
It's really just as simple as that, guys.
So before I continue with this video,
I got a huge announcement to make.
I'm accepting five new students
to my mentorship program.
So if you are interested to learn trading from me one-on-one,
I literally go into a Zoom call
and explain and teach you guys from the beginning
all the way to the end,
like how to actually become a successful trader.
Like you can see these are like the syllabus
on what you're gonna learn.
You can pause on this video if you want.
So basically, these are what we're gonna learn.
I'm gonna give you everything you need
to become a successful trader.
So if you are interested in that,
make sure you go DM me on Instagram
to just reserve your spot.
Yup, so if you're serious about trading,
I believe that you need a mentor.
And I just wanna say that
this is not an ordinary course, all right?
It's not a course where I just give you guys videos
and just watch.
No, it's literally me getting into a Zoom call
with you, like you right now watching this.
And I literally teach you everything
I know about the charts, right?
So if you're interested, like I said,
just go DM me on Instagram.
Just drop me a message that tell me
that you're interested in this mentorship program.
Yup, so there's only five slots available.
So make sure you just go DM me
on Instagram as soon as possible
to reserve your spot right now.
Here's another example.
But right now, we're gonna learn
how to get sniper entries
on the support and resistance timeframe.
So right now, like I said,
you do not want to enter
when price is in the middle of nowhere.
So what I mean by in the middle of nowhere
is anywhere around here, all right?
You do not want to enter right there.
You wanna enter when price is either
at a resistance level or a support level, all right?
So right now, price is at a support level
so we can look for our entries.
So since this is like a very strong support level,
you can see like whenever price is down here,
it always go back up.
Down here, always go back up.
Down here, always reverse and head back up.
So this tell us that this is a very strong support area
that price has failed to break past multiple times.
So we can look to enter for a buy position
somewhere around this area.
And you can see, luckily for us,
price is at the support area right now.
You can see right now, price at this major level.
And we do not want to enter right here yet
because there's only one confluence.
The support level is only one confluence.
We want to look for three confluence
or as many as possible.
So we just wait, we still wait.
Yeah, so maybe I can go down to like four hour time frame.
Oh my God, God damn it, trading view.
So we have to stick with the daily time frame.
But like I said, if you wanna get sniper entry,
just go down to the 15 minute time frame
or even the one hour time frame.
So you can see right now at this level,
price did this big green candlestick right here.
This is a bullish engulfing candlestick
which tell us that price is going to head up.
So if you look towards your left,
you'll see another candlestick pattern.
This right here, this is the morning star candlestick pattern.
This three candlestick pattern
which show us that price is gonna reverse
and head back up, right?
So we can enter for a buy position
somewhere right around here.
But that's only two confluence.
We need one more confluence
and that is your moving average crossover.
You can see like the black line
has crossed over right here.
This is when the candlesticks are above
the black line right now.
So enter for a buy position right here
and you'll be placing your stop loss
below this support level
and then place your take profit
all the way up at this resistance level.
The reason why we place our take profit
all the way up here
is because if you look towards your left,
let's zoom out a little bit,
look towards your left,
you will see that
whenever price at this area right here,
one, two, three, four, five,
five times,
it always end up reversing
and head back down.
So this is a very strong resistance area
that tell us that,
okay, price is probably not gonna break past this level.
So we'll play it safe
by placing our take profit right there.
So we'll place our take profit right here
at this resistance area
and let's see how this beautiful trade play out.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
Absolutely smash our take profit right here, guys.
This is when price has already smashed our take profit.
So we have get out of this buy trade.
So you can see that right now,
price did this hammer right here.
This is like the inverted hammer or something.
But basically this is a candlestick pattern
that show us that price is gonna go down.
And that is our first confluence.
This is a bearish hammer if I'm not wrong.
So that's one candlestick pattern.
The second confluence,
no, that is one confluence.
The second confluence is that price
at this resistance area.
So the third confluence could be like
some sort of moving average crossover.
So we can enter for our sell position right here
and place our take profit,
I mean place our stop loss above this resistance area.
And now your take profit will be
at the support level that we have drawn right here.
Because if you remember like at this area,
price is just like very hard to break past.
So you can place our take profit right here.
And look at this guys.
Price ultimately went down
and smashed our take profit right here.
I'm not playing with you.
This strategy works guys.
So go ahead and backtest this strategy.
All right, make sure you scroll down right now
and like this video if this video is helpful.
Because this video was really, really long
and it really took a lot of time to make.
So make sure you smash that like button
and comment down below what videos
you guys would like to see next.
And make sure you hit that subscribe button
and hit on the like,
the notification bell beside the subscribe button
so that you can be notified
when I drop new price action videos
just like this.
And remember,
and welcome to the tribe.
And remember,
you're just one trade away.
Mwah!
Mwah!
