95% of traders lose money not because they can't find setups but because they enter raw at the
wrong place at the wrong time. Today I'm gonna be breaking down my top 3 SMC entry techniques
that let me risk tiny amounts of money catching massive move. By the end of this video you will
learn how to trade with sniper-like precision and outsmart the big boys on Wall Street like
your entries will be so damn sharp they won't even see you coming. And you might be wondering
how does Brett has any authority on speaking on this subject? Well I've been trading for nearly
7 years and this year alone I've already crossed 1 million dollars in trading profits and every
single trade is documented live on my second channel Brett Trades. And on top of that I've
helped hundreds of students become 6-figure funded traders. By the way we are the only mentorship
program out there that has an endless row of student results. So I can tell you that my strategy
works not just for me but for hundreds of thousands of traders out there as well. So let's make it work
for you. And here's my promise if you stay until the end of this video I'll review the one entry
trigger that allowed me to avoid 90% of the bad trades out there. Now before we dive deep into the
entry techniques let's talk about why is it so important to get low-risk entries in the first
place. And let's take a look at a retail entry compared to an institutional entry. On a retail entry
what happens is that if you're trading retail concepts you're gonna enter for like a buy somewhere
around here because price mitigated a support level or because you spot a specific candlestick pattern.
In this case is the Morningstar candlestick pattern or like the bullish engulfing candlestick pattern.
And what happens is that you're going to be placing your stop loss below the candlestick pattern or
below the support level. And your next take profit is going to be at the next support or resistance level.
And if that happens a lot of times you realize that you're at a very low risk to reward right. What
happens is that you're essentially risking one percent just to make back one percent or even
less than one percent. But on the other hand if you master the entry techniques which I'm about to
share with you today. What happens is that you're going to get sharper and more refined entries and you
are able to catch higher risk to reward right. For example this time around right here we got price
mitigating this order block. You enter for a sell here. You target this low right here and you place
your stop loss above the other block. You can see this allows you to make back five times in terms of
what you are risking right. So if you're risking a hundred dollars you just make back five hundred
dollars. If you're risking one thousand dollars you just make like five hundred dollars. And the
reason why we try to optimize and refine every single entry is simple because of the fact that losses
are inevitable. If you think about it fundamentally in trading I cannot guarantee that you win but I can
guarantee that you're going to lose. So you better become a master at losing.
And if losses are inevitable what we want to do is to make sure that we are reducing the amount
of money that we lose on every single trade. Because by doing that alone we are automatically
just going to make a lot more money in the markets right. Because it's not about how many
trades you win. It's about how much money you make when you are right compared to how much money
you lose when you are wrong. How much money you actually lose when you get stopped out. Because that
discrepancy allows you to become consistently profitable in the long run. So if you think
about it what we are trying to do here is just to make sure that we get outsized returns by ensuring
that we keep our losses small and keep our wins big. And the only way we can do that is by refining our
entries. By getting the best entries possible with the tighter stop loss and unlimited upside. A huge upside.
Alright let's get right into it. The first and probably the most powerful entry technique
is what I call the displacement trap entry. This is where 95% of traders get stopped out right. This
is where the market tends to be so-called manipulated. But instead of being the victim, moving forward
you're going to learn how to be the victor. You're going to learn how to play the game so that you can be
the one that strikes the retail noobs out there. And here's exactly how it works. So the first step is
to identify the initial impulse candle that led to a break of structure. So in this particular case
we can identify that this is the bearish break of structure to the downside. And then later on price
comes down, pullback, give us another bearish break of structure. And then goes down, make a massive
pullback, swap some liquidity right here before breaking structure and taking out this low right here.
And if that's the case, this becomes our last internal lower high, right? So if this is the
last internal lower high, this is where the market shift is at, right? Because if price goes up there
and take out the last internal lower high, it signaled to us that in the short term, the market has
shifted bearish to bullish. Once again, not to reverse, but to facilitate the pullback. Alright,
so that's the first step. We have identified that this is the entire impulse move that led to
this break of structure. Now, here's where it gets tricky because a lot of traders, when they see
such a huge bullish momentum, they start feeling a fear of missing out. They start feeling like,
Oh my God, I need to get in for a buy right here. If not, I'm going to miss the move. And then if you
enter for a buy right here, what happens next is that you're going to be placing a stop loss all the
way below this low, because that's the price point that invalidated this trade ideal. So that's not
optimal, right? Because if you enter for a buy right there and you place a stop loss below this low,
what happens is that your take profit is going to be probably at the next supply zone,
which is this area right here. And you can see it's not a good or intelligent risk to reward
decision. It doesn't give you asymmetric returns. So in order for us to get the best entry, we need
a tighter stop loss, right? Which means as much as possible, we want to enter somewhere around here
so that we can have this huge upside, right? Which brings us to the second step. You want to wait for
some form of liquidation before you actually look for your entry. What happens next over here is that
a lot of retail traders feeling the fear of missing out. They're going to start entering for a buy here,
or they're going to start entering for a buy anywhere here, right? When price starts pulling
back, maybe they see a reaction over here and they start entering for a buy here, right? And then they
get stopped out. And then the ton price continues to go down even further, right? Because right now,
it's pulling back to the next point of interest that will allow price to actually explode to the
upside again.
So in this case, if I were to just quickly map out my demand zone, I'll see that there's a demand zone
right here. And then there is also our extreme demand zone that we have down here. So like I said,
the second step is to wait for some form of liquidation. So in this particular case, price
is just consolidating right here, doing its pullback thing, right? There is no liquidation whatsoever.
Let price do its thing and you want to be very patient. Because like I said, this is where a lot of
retail traders, they start entering for a buy. Like for example, they see price putting back to this
point of interest right here. And then they enter for a buy here or enter for a buy here.
And they justify it by saying that this is indeed a liquidity sweep. Yes, true to a certain extent.
But what they fail to realize is that that haven't been the third step, the third criteria,
which is a break of structure again to confirm that this internal structure is shifting bullish,
right? So now the internal structure is aligned with the higher timeframe structure.
The internal structure is aligned with the swing structure. And if that's not present, right,
then we don't have confirmation. And if we don't have confirmation, we do not enter whatsoever.
This is how we protect our capital, right? Really preserving our capital for the trade setups that
has a high probability of working out. So if that's the case, I'm being very patient right here.
I don't care what price does until price actually breaks some form of structure after it liquidated
some form of low, right? So you can see price continue going down right here, consolidating,
going down even further. And if you look at the candlesticks clearly, you will start to see that
it's start to lose momentum, right? The candlesticks are getting smaller and smaller.
The lower weeks start getting longer and longer. And what this signal to us is there's buying pressure
in the market. There's boost in the market about to jump in and actually cause price to hit up right
now very, very soon, right? But not yet, right? Like I said, that is where you want to be very patient,
right? You want to wait for the liquidation. You want to wait for the break of structure.
So in this particular case, if we continue to map out this internal structure, or rather the
internal internal structure, what happens is that if you look at this, this was that last internal
break of structure. This is the next internal break of structure. And then the ton price pulls back,
goes down, and you can see this is the next internal break of structure, right? So price is technically
still bearish. So I'm not going to rush to enter for a long position right now, right? Until price
actually break up of the last lower high, which in this case is this one right here, right? Once
price break of this last lower high, it confirmed to us that this pullback is over. And right now,
the internal structure on the lower timeframe has shifted bullish, and it's going to continue
with this bullish momentum that we have established a few hours ago, right? So if that's the case,
let me just map the market shift up again. And I'll mark this as a market shift right there.
And that will be the third step, right? Which is, you only enter after you got a confirmation in
terms of a shift of structure, and after a liquidity sweep, right? And speaking about the liquidity
sweep, I was going to mark up the second step, which is to identify the liquidity sweep that caused this
market shift in the first place. And if you look towards the left hand side, what we have was price goes
down, pulls back, goes down, pulls back. And when this happens, this induce retail traders to actually
enter for long positions early, right? They enter for a buy here, place their stop loss below these lows.
So that is automatically generating liquidity for us, the professionals, right? The professional
gamblers. So what happens is that price sweep all of this good old juicy liquidity from this low,
right? Mitigate this extreme demand zone that we have marked up right here, led to a market shift over
here. There we have it. All three steps have been completed. And that my friend is the displacement
trap entry. Because when you enter right here, you are no longer rushing to trade, you are no longer
getting a sense of fear of missing out and you enter for a buy right here. No, you are waiting very
patiently for price to get your ideal price point right at the right place. And you're entering at the
right time because you are waiting for further confirmation in terms of a shift of structure.
And now you are trading in alignment with the internal order flow. And now what happens is
that let's say you enter for a buy somewhere around here, you can place your stop loss easily
below this low here or even place it below this point of interest if you want to be conservative.
And then you can just target like 3R, right? Or even 2R just to keep it mechanical.
So in this particular case, you probably want to target like this next supply that we have
marked up right here, right? Because this is also like supply zone that led to a huge amount of imbalance,
which is the auto block, which we're going to cover later. But this is where you can target this
high or like I said, you can just put it to like fixed take profit of like 3R, maybe something like
this. Honestly, this is not really the ideal entry, but let's look at what's going to happen next.
Boom, price stopped you out. Oh my God. No, the entry model doesn't work. Brad, Brad,
this entry model is fake. This entry model is a scam.
All right. I purposely showed you guys this example because once again, this is where so many traders
are going to make a mistake when they are using this entry model, right? They enter for a buy right
here, not knowing that there is more available liquidity that needs to be swept before price
actually moved to the upside, right? So this my friend is the displacement trap, right? The displacement
trap happens when price comes down and sweep more available liquidity before pushing to the upside.
All right. So what happens that over here, price comes down, pulls back, right? Create like a market
shift right here. But when in reality, if you look at it, what happens is that price is actually pulling
back to this previous supply that we have right here, right? It's pulling back to this previous supply.
And not only that, it's also sweeping all the available liquidity above this highest right here,
right? And this my friend is where so many retail traders, when they don't listen to clear instructions,
right? They use this entry model, they enter for a buy right here, and then they get stopped out.
And then they think that this entry model is a bullshit entry model that I pull out of my ass.
When in reality, you still don't understand how the game is played, right? Because what happens over
here is that this is just smart money using more available liquidity to push price down even further,
right? To get like a final liquidity sweep before the real move actually happens. Before the
institutions can actually join and cause price to move to the upside, right? Because it needs to really
sweep all the available liquidity before they can actually start pumping money into the market,
right? Before they have sufficient liquidity to fewer price to the upside. Well, if that's the case,
how do you prevent this situation from happening? Well, instead of entering on a liquidity sweep,
an ordinary liquidity sweep, you only want to enter after the final liquidity sweep.
And how do you spot the final liquidity sweep? Well, you look for the leg that closes past the
imbalance, right? So if you look at the left hand side, what we have over here is that there's a large
amount of imbalance, right? Imbalance is defined as the gap that is formed when price actually has this
huge move to the upside, right? You can see this gap right here between the high of this previous
candle and the low of this previous candle. So this is your imbalance. So what we want to do
is to wait for price to blow right past this imbalance, right? We want to wait for price to
actually sweep all of this imbalance right here, right? You can see in this particular case, price
goes down, sweep all the imbalance that we have on the left hand side, filling up the imbalance and
then later on it come down, sweep the liquidity below the low of the imbalance before pushing to the
upside. This is the last time that price has swept liquidity and is about to have a huge move to the
upside, right? So step one, look for the impulse candle that led to the breakup structure. Step two
is to wait for some form of liquidation. And if you want to be even more cautious, you want to wait
for a price to fill up the imbalance that we have on the left hand side and swept the liquidity of that
low before you move on to the step three, which is, as usual, just look for that final confirmation
in terms of a market shift, in terms of a break of structure to the upside, right? So in this case,
since this is the most recent internal break of structure right here, this would be the last lower
high that we want to see get broken, right? So that's the last lower high. So now all I have to do
is to wait for price to take out that high to prove to me that smart money has indeed used the
available liquidity below this low right here, the displacement, the imbalance, and right now we are
about to push the upside. And that's exactly what price gave us over here. So this is where you can
easily enter for a long position right here, place your stop loss below this low right here. This low
will be counted as protected because it has obviously swept liquidity from this low, from this low right
here. So price is less likely going to pull back all the way down here, sweep more liquidity before it
actually goes up, right? So that's a place that you can put your stop loss safely without
worrying about getting stopped up before the real move actually happens. And then this is where
I can try to target the next supply zone that we have up here, right? Or if you want to be even
more precise, you could have easily entered on the five minute timeframe on the lower timeframe,
when you already got a fractal market shift right here to confirm to you that price is actually going
up. And then you can also place your stop loss below this new candlestick right here below this
pivot candle over here of the pullback. And I can place your take profit at like one is the three are
right, something like this, or you can just target like the next supply zone that we have on the five
minute timeframe, which is this area right here. So once again, there is a few methods you can use
to manage your trade, right? But to keep it simple, keep it mechanical. In this particular video, I'm
just going to use the one is the three are method, right? Which is just like this, right? Just place it
fixed at trial. And then base a stop loss either below the last pivot candle, right? The bus pullback
that led to this imbalance right here or below like this protected candle that we have down here,
right? But in this case, let's just see how this plays out first. All right, price goes up,
right? Because now it has fuel, now it has momentum, now it has this bullish demand that will actually
cause price to go up because it has swept all the available liquidity that we have on the left hand
side right here. Okay, this is a bit slow. Let me just like pump it up, right? Boom, outsized returns,
right there, baby. Outsized returns, as simple as that. All right, I just realized I spent way too
much time on the first entry technique, right? But I just really wanted to go super duper in-depth
as much as possible and provide you guys with as much value as possible so that you can really
understand how to implement each entry model in live market conditions. But anyways, let's move on to the
next entry technique, which is the refined order block entry. First of all, what is an order block? What
defines the order block? How do you spot an order block? Well, an order block is basically
a point of interest that led to a large amount of imbalance, right? It's the point of interest where
institutions enter for buy or sell orders in bulk, right? And that is what generates this imbalance
right here, right? This huge selling pressure, this big bearish candle, right? Big bearish candle,
BBC, right? That's what creates the BBC, the big bearish candle. And in order to help you spot order
blocks, I've created this acronym called BASEL. BASEL basically stands for B, brick of structure,
A, alignment with trend, S, sweep of liquidity, I, imbalance, and L, last candle, right? The more
confuences this order block has, right? Which means the more of this criteria it has checked off,
the stronger the order block becomes and the more likely price will react from it and continue even
further. So in this case, since we're on the one hour timeframe, we have defined that this is the
order block because this is the supply zone, right? That led to this huge amount of imbalance in price,
right? This big bearish candle. And it also led to a break of structure on the lower timeframe.
And it's also aligned with like, this bearish internal structure that we have going on right
here. And it has to set some liquidity above this highest over here. And most importantly,
it gave us a huge amount of imbalance right here, right? You can see this big bearish candle,
clear as day, institutional selling pressure. And L is pretty much the last candle, right? That is how you
identify the order block. It's the last candle before the big bearish candle or the big bullish
candle, right? That's it. Now, obviously we don't want to enter on the one hour timeframe,
unless you are a swing trader, right? If you're a day trader, you're a scalpel trying to trade with
precision, try to get tight stop loss. You want to make sure that you enter on either the 15 minute
timeframe or the five minute timeframe, right? But I'm drawing the order block on the one hour timeframe,
just to show you guys how wide of the initial order block looks like, right? You can see it is,
it's quite wide. If you enter for a sell right here, your stop loss would be at least like 21 pips,
right? And that's not ideal for us, right? If you are trying to really catch this asymmetric risk
to reward trades, right? We want to keep it tight, like five to 10 pips tight, right? So what happens
is that you want to drop down to the 15 minute timeframe and you want to continue mapping any sort
of refined order block, right? Refined is considered as a tighter zone, right? That's all it is,
it's just a tighter zone. So in this case, this is the one hour order block, right? That we have marked
up and a refined order block will be point of interest within this gigantic order block,
right? So if I look at this move right here, what happens that price goes up, right? Creates imbalance,
right? Pulls back and then goes down, right? And then pulls back and then goes down even further,
right? So just by doing that alone, I can spot that this is my most obvious order block, right? This is
the last candle that led to a huge amount of imbalance. You can see this huge gap right here,
right? This large amount of imbalance. So clear as day, this is an institutional price point where
we can expect some form of selling pressure to cause price to go down even further.
And this is where we want to enter for our sell, right? Upon the mitigation of this zone,
right? And on top of this, you can also see that there is this extreme zone, right? That led to this
imbalance right here, that led to this huge selling pressure, right? So I will mark that out as the
extreme zone as well. You basically want to identify once again, the last candle,
right? That led to the big bearish candlestick right here, and that will be your order block.
In this particular case, since there's not much imbalance, right? You can see the previous candle
closed right here. You can see the previous candle low is over here. And then the next candle low is
like, and then the next candle high is like over here, right? So there's actually not much imbalance.
So this wouldn't really be like an order block. Technically, it would be more of like an ordinary
supply zone, right? So I'll identify this as a refined supply zone, and then this as a refined
order block, all right? Both zones has a high chance of working out, right? Because it led to a huge
amount of selling pressure, right? So we know that there is going to be sellers sitting at this price
point right here, waiting to push price down the next time price actually comes up to that area.
So quite simple, in order for you to use this entry model, identify the imbalance in price,
identify the order block that checks off this criteria right here, and then just wait for price to
mitigate one of those order blocks, and then just make your entry from there, right? So in this
particular case, once again, let's practice patience and let's just wait, sit on our hands and
not do anything until price mitigate any more of this refined order block, right? So what happens over
here, price came up there, mitigated our first refined supply zone, right? The moment it mitigated,
it should be in, you should be entering for a sell. So in this particular example, you'll probably be much
better off placing like a sell limit order at the edge of the zone itself, right? Potentially just
right here. So once price gets to the AOL, you are automatically tapped into the position,
and you place a stop loss above like this order block right here, and you place your take profit
at 3R, like somewhere around here, right? As simple as that. All right, so if you want to catch these
refined entries, refined order blocks entries, bear in mind that you want to make sure that you're using
sell and limit orders, right? Which is pretty much just pending orders, so that you can get in at the best
price point, right? And bear in mind that this type of entry is a lot more aggressive, right?
Because you're not looking for any sort of confirmation, which means that there's a chance
that price is just going to blast right through the order block and just disrespect it, right? So
this is a lot more aggressive, right? So just take note of that. So you can see in this case,
you're going to tap into the trade, stop loss above the order block, and let's see where the price hit
your TP, boom, smash your TP as simple as that, right? I personally, I'm much more professional,
so I would place my take profit at this low right here, right? The next swing low. And you can see
this will be like a 5R trade. This position has hit take profit, let's look at what's going to happen
next, right? Because price has not actually came up to our extreme zone, right? And you can see,
let's move back a little bit further, right? Price comes up there, hit our extreme zone, and this is where
if you actually place like a, once again, a sell limit order right here, and you place your stop
loss above the zone, you place your take profit at 3R, you can see, easy take profit again, right?
You smash take profit twice in a row, all by using this simplified approach of identifying order blocks
and entering upon the mitigation of the refined order block, right? And you can see our stop loss is
usually like 6 pips, 7.5 pips, like less than 10 pips stop loss, right? So it's very, it's a very good
way for you to trade with sniper-like precision. But like I said, it's super duper aggressive.
Bear in mind that the reason why this move moves so fast is also the fact that price has just swept
the liquidity that we have generated above this previous high that we have right here, right?
It swept this liquidity right here, stopped out all the retail traders to enter for our sell right here,
but haven't taken profit yet, and then for the real move to actually happen to the downside.
Once again, the reason why we actually muck up the order block on the lower time frame, i.e. the 15
minute, the 5 minute time frame, is because we want to get the tighter stop loss possible, right?
Because we are always going to be placing our stop loss above the order block, or below the order block
if you're entering for a buy. So, which means that if you're on a tight stop loss, your order block
needs to be tight as well, right? And obviously, we don't really draw it on the 1 minute time frame,
because 1 minute order blocks are extremely unpredictable and unreliable. A lot of times,
we just blast right trade because there's a lot of noise on the 1 minute time frame. So,
I would highly advise you to withdraw your order block, right? Your refined order blocks,
the 5 minute time frame, or the 1 hour time frame if you are swing trading.
So, third entry technique is kind of like an underrated one that not a lot of traders know about,
and that is the breaker block entry. What is a breaker block? A breaker block is simply a failed
order block. It is formed when price fails to respect an order block, bullish or bearish,
and instead closes strongly through it, right? So, in this particular case, this is the order block
that we have identified that fulfills the Basel criteria, B-A-S-I-L. And what happens is that if
this order block fails, right, which means price blasts right through it, this automatically becomes
a breaker block. And that broken order block often flips into a new point of interest in the opposite
direction because the liquidity resting there has been absorbed. All the liquidity right here,
all the selling pressure over here has been absorbed. And now, the next time around,
price actually come back down to respect this failed order block. It becomes a breaker block,
which means that there is going to be demand at this price point, right, to push price up,
right? There's going to be buyers at this price point to push price up. So, if you're talking about
retail concepts, this would be your resistance level that has became a support level and a broken
support level that has turned into a resistance level, right? But in SMC terms, it's basically a broken
order block, a failed order block turns into a breaker block. So, this entry model is kind of
like tied to the previous entry model, right, which is the refined order block entry. So, in this
particular case, the first step is to always identify the order block, right? And you can see
this is clear as the bearish order block. So, if price is mitigating the order block, obviously,
you want to enter for a sell right here, right? You want to enter for a sell on the mitigation of the
order block. But look at what happens next, right? We get a reaction, right? We get a small reaction,
and then boom, huge demand step into the market and cause price to push up. And this could be because
of news, right? Yeah, this could be because of news or because, yeah, this is actually because
of news because it's around 8pm, right? So, this is definitely because of news. So, if you are using
the previous entry model, right, the aggressive refined entry model, what happens is that you can
enter for a sell right here, but it can get stopped up because you are not looking for confirmation.
You are not looking for extra confirmation that price is going to hold at a price point. So, that's the
downside of using entry model number two, right? But then what happens in this case,
if you use entry model number two on this case, right, and you fail, right, you can stop the right
here. What happens is that you can shift the way you perceive the markets by thinking that, okay,
this order block has failed. It's not bad, right? It's not good. It's not a bad situation. It just is.
Price is just doing the thing it's doing. It's just moving. So, what you want to do is to really
reframe the way you perceive the markets by thinking that, okay, now this order block has
failed. Where is the next opportunity that I can actually enter for a buy or a sell, right?
And since this order block has failed, it's mostly going to be turned into a breaker block, right?
So, the next time price actually come down and mitigate this order block, this failed order block,
which I got stopped up from, unfortunately, I can just easily enter for a buy right here to capitalize on
this move to the upside, right? So, now it's a matter of patience again, right? You wait for price,
mitigate that little breaker block. Once it does, same thing, end of a buy somewhere around here,
right? Place your stop loss below the breaker block target, 2R, 3R, whatever, let's just put
it like 3R, right? And you can see what happens next, right? Let's see where the price respect
this breaker block, okay? You respect this breaker block, slowly start trickling up, and then, boom,
smash your TV, as simple as that, right? And what happens is that you are able to win this trade
right here, you win 3R on this trade, oops, that's an ugly 3, you win 3R on this trade, and then you
got stopped up for 1R on this trade right here, right? When you used the previous entry model.
And now, because you are stopped up on 1R, right? You lost 1%, and now, because you have adapted to
the market quickly, what happens is that you just make 3R, you just make 3%, right? So, overall,
you took 2 trades, you're up 2%. This is why it's so important for you guys to really understand how
these entry techniques work, so you can really stay profitable in the long run. Alright, so those are
the 3 entry techniques, and just like I promised, if you watch till the end of this video, I'm gonna
show you a live trade example on me actually applying these entry models, and also how I actually
enter the right trade at the right place at the right time using what I call the session timing
filter. Alright, so first of all, let's just go through the quickly, the entire live trade example,
right? So what happened was that last week, I actually entered for a buy somewhere around here,
because of the first entry model, right? The first entry technique, which is the displacement trap
entry technique. And this is pretty much the exact same example that I just showed you guys earlier on,
right? What happened was that I waited for the market shift right here, right? This was the
impulse up, and I waited for price to sweep all the available liquidity right here,
right below the impulse candle right here. And then what happens that I entered somewhere around
here, which is a little bit aggressive, because I did not wait for like this market shift right here.
But because I've been trading for so long, I kind of know where the market is going to head towards,
what the market is going to do once price actually sweep up this low, right? So,
I kind of forgo like the third step, right? Which is necessary if you're starting out and you don't
have experience, right? Like I always say, I've earned the right to be discretion, right? A little
bit discretion when it comes to the way I execute my trades. But I'm always following a rule-based
mechanical set of criteria before I actually enter for a trade, right? So over here, and the buy right
here, pretty much place my take profit at this area here. I ended up getting out somewhere around
here because this was like a few minutes before news, right? If you guys watched the live trade
breakdown on my second channel, you'll see that I was kind of pissed off because I got out somewhere
around here. And then news came out and price actually went up there and smashed my TP. But
the reason I got out is because like, I really do not want to risk this extra 10 pips, right? Just
risk catching this extra pips, just so that I could, you know, potentially get this entire position
start reversing against me if the news doesn't play out the way I want it to play out, right? So I was like,
you know, I'm just not going to risk it for the biscuit. So I'm just gonna, I just got out like
somewhere around here before the news actually released. Now, that is the first entry technique,
right? But what happened over here was that when this actually happens, this becomes what? Your
refined order block, right? This is actually a refined order block. This is actually the 15 minute
order block that led to this huge amount of imbalance to the upside. So what you can have easily done is
wait for price to pull back to this order block, place your buy order right at the edge of the zone,
place your stop loss below the zone, and then just target like 3R, just like this, right?
Simple 3R, as simple as that. If you zoom in right here, you can actually spot our third entry
technique, which is the breaker block. You can see this right here is a clear as day
order block since there's a lot of imbalance right here. And then what happened later on was that price
actually went up there and smashed right through it, right? You can see it first, it reacted from
there, right? But the second time around, it actually smashed right through it. And when this
actually happens, this order block, this bearish order block becomes a breaker block. So the next
time price actually came down to mitigate this breaker block right here, what happened was that
it came down, mitigate this breaker block, easily entered for like a buy somewhere around here,
place your stop loss below the breaker block or below like this candle right here, target 3R,
you can see easily could have smashed your TP fast as well, right? So this is more of like a quick
little scalp. So yeah, you can pretty much see like these three entry techniques is like universal,
yes, stood the test of time. And I can assure you that this works, right? Because it not just
worked for me, but for once again, hundreds and thousands of traders that I mentored personally.
Now, here's the bonus tip. You want to make sure that you are trading at the right time.
The right time matters the most. If you are trading at the right setup at the wrong time,
you will not see price moving to your TP as fast as you want. You will see price moving very,
very slow to your TP because the market is less volatility, or it can even go against you even
though your entry model is right, but because your timing is wrong. So how do you trade during the
right time? Well, you master what I call Q-Zones, right? This right here is the best time to trade.
For Asian session, this is the best time to trade. For London session, this is the best time to trade.
For New York session is the best time to trade. And for London close, this is the best time to trade.
And all of this is in the Eastern Standard Time. And you want to make sure that you are matching the
currency pairs that you are trading to the time that you want to be trading. So for example,
if you are used to trading the London session, because that's the time zone where you are free
to trade after your 9 to 5 job, or after you have put aside all your obligations, like your kids,
whatever, that's your only free time. Then during the London session, you want to trade in the London
Q-Zone. And you want to be trading this currency pairs that tends to provide you with the most
amount of opportunities during the London Q-Zone, right? Which is Euro and GEP pairs, right? This is
where you get high trading volume, you can catch 20 to 50 pips, right? So I'm giving you this secret
source right here, screenshot it, right? Put it as a bloody wallpaper, print it out and put it on your
desk if you need to. But just know that you want to be trading during this timing alone, right? And in this
particular live trade, what happened was that I actually entered for a buy here somewhere during the
London Q-Zone, right? Towards the end of the London Q-Zone itself. And that is exactly why right after
I entered for a buy, price just like just pushed to the upside, right? You can see there's a lot of
liquidity pushing price to the upside immediately after I entered for a buy. Not because I got lucky,
but because I was at the right place at the right time so that I can capitalize on the luck. That's what
trading is, right? It's about increasing the likelihood of success by putting luck on your side,
right? By ensuring that once again, you are maximizing all the variables that is within
your control so that you can actually increase the probability of you winning the trade, right?
Because it's not a game of certainty, it's a game of probabilities. So you might as well focus on
managing your risk well, right? Executing your edge well and really focus on the things that is within
your control, which is your entry, which is your exit, which is your risk to reward, which is what
time you are trading, what currency pass you are trading, and what are the mechanical rules that
you follow on like a daily basis, and what risk are you deploying on each trade. So these are pretty
much the best low risk SMC entry techniques, secret source entry models that a millionaire trader like
myself have used, right? To scale to six and seven figures. So I can tell you that it works. It's the
displacement trap entry model, the refined order block, and the breaker block entry model. Use them,
and you will be able to cut your losers in half, and you'll be able to 10x your profits or even
100x your profits. Okay, so if you're in the US, UK, Singapore, Europe, Australia, and you are serious
about scaling your trading profits, hit on the subscribe button right now. Because every single
week, I share the exact strategies, routine and entries that give me consistent six figure months.
And just click on like the notification bell button that we have down there. If you want to get
notified every single time I drop like a high value educational trading video just like this one.
And if you're ready to take this further, my mentorship has helped hundreds of traders go from
struggling, inconsistent, lost, overwhelmed, to becoming profitable, confident, six figure funded
traders in less than six months, right? Six to 12 months. That's the usual timeline. We take them from
struggling to becoming a profitable, and consistent, and confident trader with a profitable edge.
If you want, link is in the description. And if you have enjoyed this video, make sure to check out
this one next, right? Because in this one, I dropped way too much sauce, right? I gave you
too much information, right? Like, I should be asking you to pay for this shit, but I'm giving it
to you for free, all right? Most trading gurus will charge $50,000 for this, but you get it for free,
all right? Just go and check it out, right? There's nothing for you to lose. And as always,
remember, you're just one trip away.
