I'm going to show you everything you need to know about Fibonacci retracements
and how you can use this magical tool to make millions from trading.
So what is Fibonacci retracements?
I do not want to waste your time by telling you like the boring history behind this tool
because honestly you do not need to know who created this and stuff
but you must learn how to use it.
So when do you actually use the Fibonacci retracement?
Look at this example right here.
Price has already made this huge up move and you cannot enter right here
because if you enter right here, your stop loss must be super duper wide.
So what we want to do is to wait for Price to retrace a little bit first
and then that is when we can enter for a buy position.
So what I will do right now is to plot my Fibonacci retracement too
and place it on my charts.
So right now you can see these are your retracement levels.
Your 38.2, 50, 61.8, 78.6.
These are your retracement levels.
That means that we are expecting Price to retrace to either one of these retracement levels.
And as you can see, Price went down to the 38.2 retracement levels.
So the next question is, after Price is done retracing, where is it going to go next?
Extension levels.
It's going to go to the extension levels next.
Just check out this example right here.
Okay, Price went up to your extension level.
So the extension level is these two levels that we have on top right here.
The negative 27 level and the negative 61.8 level.
So basically, Price is going to retrace to either one of these retracement levels.
The 38.2, 50, 61.8 and the 78.6 levels.
Either one of them.
And then after Price is done retracing, it's going to go to the extension levels.
Which is the negative 27 or the negative 61.8 level.
A lot of videos on YouTube are trying to make this look complicated as hell.
When in reality, it is really just as simple as that.
So how do you use it to find high win rate trade opportunities?
The first thing we must learn is how to set it up, right?
So what you can do is click on this button right here if you are trading on TradingView.
And then this will be your Fibonacci retracement too.
So you put out a Fibonacci retracement too.
And the first thing you want to do is to copy my settings.
Right now, you can see my settings on the screen.
And I want you to literally like copy like my exact settings.
And you can pause the video if you want.
And basically, I ask you guys to copy my settings.
Because it will be so much easier for you to follow along.
So the first step is to find a clear trend.
And right now, this is clearly an uptrend.
Because price is going up, right?
So the second step is that you want to apply the Fibonacci retracement too.
So in an uptrend just like this, you want to drag your Fibonacci tool from the swing low to the swing high.
So the swing low will be the lowest point price was at before it did this beautiful up move.
And then the swing high will be the highest point price was at before it starts retracing.
So this is the swing low and this is the swing high.
So I will drag my Fibonacci retracement tool from the swing low all the way up to my swing high right here.
And also make sure that you connect them at the end of the candlestick wigs.
So the third step is to wait for price to retrace to either one of the retracement levels.
Either one, guys.
And I also want you to know that if price breaks through the 100% level,
that means that price is no longer retracing.
This is no longer a retracement and price is about to reverse and head back down.
Another very important point is that you want to treat these levels as your support and resistance areas.
Which means that they are an area.
They are not an exact level, alright?
What I mean by that is that price won't just go to 50% level and then reverse.
No.
It can go to an area around the 50% level.
An area, not an exact level, guys.
Now the next question is how do we know at which level will the retracement ends?
Now you cannot enter immediately when price is at the retracement levels like this.
Alright, you cannot enter right here.
Because you still do not know if this is the end of the retracement.
Price can easily retrace and go down even further to the 50% level or the 61.8% level.
So you must wait for price to show you some sort of signs that price is done retracing and it's about to head back up.
So you can see that in this example, price break through the 38.2% retracement levels and it still continue going back down.
So right now, we still do not want to enter yet.
We want to wait for a sign that show you that this retracement is done and it's still not done yet.
So you can see price continue breaking through the 38.2% level and went down to the 50% retracement level next.
And we still do not want to enter yet.
So we wait, we wait, we wait.
Okay, you can see like price is starting to find like a bottom at this level.
How do we know that?
Because we see 2 green candlesticks with like 2 long wigs.
You can see these 2 candlesticks have had 2 long wigs.
That show us that at some point of time, price got pushed all the way down there.
But then buyers come back into the market and push the price up.
So this tell us that maybe this retracement is done.
Alright.
And then after price formed this candlestick pattern, it formed another green candlestick pattern and another green candlestick pattern.
Which show us that there is a lot of upward momentum.
And this show us that price is done retracing.
So at this exact moment, this is when we enter for a buy position.
Finally, right?
And finally, we enter for a buy right here.
And we will place our stop loss below the swing low right here.
And then for your take profit, you want to place your take profit at the extension level that we have drawn.
The negative 27 extension level all the way up here.
So let's see how this trade plays out.
Bam, bam, bam.
Absolutely smashed our take profit level, guys.
Price went all the way up there to negative 27 level.
Making this a super successful trade.
It is okay if you still do not understand.
Let me show you another example.
So you can see right now, price has did this beautiful uptrend.
It went all the way up here.
So that's the first step, right?
We have identified that this is the uptrend and price is going to go up.
So the next step is to draw our Fibonacci retracement tool.
So you can take out your Fibonacci retracement tool and mark from the swing low.
Pull it all the way up to the swing high, which is right here.
This is the swing high before price starts retracing.
So now we want to wait for price to retrace to either one of these retracement level that
we have drawn right here.
Either one of these retracement levels.
So right now, price has retraced to the 38.2 level.
Do you think we should enter right here?
Comment down your answer below.
If you comment, yes, you should enter.
You are wrong, bro.
You should not enter right here because price has not shown us any signs that price is
going to reverse and head back up.
Price can easily go down even further.
And this is what price did.
Price went down even further to the 50 extension level.
And at this point of time, we see a bullish engulfing candlestick.
We see a morning star candlestick pattern.
So this morning star candlestick pattern tell us that price is done retracing and price is
going to reverse and head back up.
Along with this bullish engulfing candlestick telling us that is a lot of upward momentum.
So in this case, this is where we enter for our buy position.
So we'll place our stop loss below this swing low right here and place our take profit all
the way up at the extension level, the negative 27 extension level.
And let's see how this beautiful trade play out.
Bam, bam, bam.
Absolutely smashed our take profits.
It's really as simple as that, boys.
Now let me show you what it will look like in a downtrend.
So in a downtrend, just like this, price is going down.
So in a downtrend, when you apply the Fibonacci retracement tool, it's the opposite.
That means you will drag it from the top, the swing high, all the way down to the swing
low before price starts retracing, which is right here.
This is the lowest point before price starts retracing.
Now we want to wait for price to retrace to our retracement level first before we can
consider entering for our sell position.
So we wait, we wait, we wait, we wait, we wait.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
Bam, okay, price went all the way up to the 50 extension level.
But it still have not shown us that price is going to reverse and head back down yet.
But we still wait, patiently, wait for signs that tell us that price is going to head back
down.
Okay, you can see like price is starting to, bam, right there, guys, right there.
Price did this super long week candle, which show us that at some point of time, price got
pushed all the way up to the 61.8 level, but then it got rejected.
That's why price did this super long week candle.
So once we see this candlestick, we can enter for our sell right here because this show us
that there is a lot of selling pressure and this overall downtrend is about to continue.
So you'll place your stop loss above this swing high right here and then you'll place
your take profit all the way down at this negative 27 extension level.
And let's see how this trade plays out.
Absolutely collapse.
And at this point of time, yeah, smash our take profit and we have closed that trade.
If you find this video helpful, make sure to scroll down right now and smash that like
button and also hit on that subscribe button.
I forgot to mention, but you cannot just use Fibonacci retracement.
You need to combine this with other confluences and other trading strategy.
So I will advise you to click on this video right here, this video right here to learn
more about this trading strategy.
And if you can combine this strategy with the Fibonacci retracement strategy, trust me,
it's going to make your trading so much more easier.
So click on this video to find out more.
Click on it, bro.
Click on it.
Click on it.
Click on it.
Click on it.
Click on it.
