So everybody is talking about AI these days, and you might be wondering, how can you use AI in
trading? And here's where a lot of traders get it wrong. A lot of traders are asking,
can AI give me signals? Can AI tell me when to buy, when to sell? Can AI make trading easier?
Nobody. That's not the real opportunity. I believe that the real opportunity is using AI to think
better. Think about it. What's the biggest enemy in trading? It's yourself. It's your emotions. It's
your limited perception of the market. And what AI provide you with is a third-party rational and
logical idea, right? So it's like, it doesn't have the same emotions as you do. So you can use that
to your advantage. You can use AI to actually give you better feedback, to actually make you a better
trader. That's what AI is for. It's not for it to like, you know, you don't rely on it to tell you
when to buy, when to sell, and just give you trade ideas. No. You use it as a tool to make you better.
All right. So here's what AI is actually good for. Now, AI is very useful for organizing your thinking,
challenging emotional decisions, and turning mistakes into lessons, asking better questions,
and speeding up feedback loops. So once again, I want to emphasize this. AI is not the most powerful
when it tries to predict the market for you. Trust me, I've tried it. A lot of other people tried it
as well, but it's just not that good yet, right? I don't think you have gotten to that stage where
it can actually predict the market as well as I do, right? I don't think it understands market
mechanics as well as I do. So as a result, what you want to do is to use it to help you get better.
Fit your data into AI, right? Whatever trades that you are taking, tell AI about it. And I tell them,
okay, this is the mistake that I've made today. What can I do to get better? Tell them this is the
emotion I'm facing today. This is the problem that I'm facing right now in my trading journey.
What can I do to get rid of these roadblocks? And usually it will give you like a very good answer,
right? So it's like you've got all the tools you need to actually become a better, become a more
profitable trader. You just need to ask it the right questions. You just need to give it a lot of
context. Once again, this is coming from a guy who have literally built an AI trading super app,
Edgeflow, right? So later on, I'm going to show you Flow AI, which is the AI that I personally built with
my team and is trained on all my market mechanics concepts, on everything that I've learned in
trading. It's pretty much got my entire brain, right? That's it, right? Flow AI is pretty much me.
If you actually get access to Flow AI, it's pretty much like having me by your side coaching you.
Okay, but I'm going to show you that later on. But once again, I don't want you guys to be using AI
the wrong way. I don't want you guys to be using it as a crutch. I want you to use it properly.
Because if you do use it properly, it can become more of the most powerful tools in the trading process.
It can give you a huge advantage over your peers, over other traders out there. Because
like I said, it doesn't replace your edge. It doesn't replace your decision making.
It helps you think more clearly. It helps you review your trades faster. It helps you
regulate your emotions better and overall just stay aligned with your trading system.
Now, here's what AI should not replace, right? Very important. I know some of you guys have
really tried to do this, right? So I'm warning you right here. AI should not replace your trade plan.
It should not replace your journaling. It should not replace your review process. It should not
replace your risk management. It should not replace your personal responsibility.
Because if you start using AI as a shortcut for certainty, you are using it wrong, right?
So what I basically mean by that is that all of this stuff that you have to do that makes you a better
trader, you still have to do them manually. Even though maybe AI can do it for you. For example,
in Edgeflow, we have this feature which allows you to get weekly AI generated reports, right? So at the end
of each week, the AI literally go and review all the trades that have been taking for the week and give
you like a report telling you what to do and what not to do. What went well? What didn't went so well?
And what's the one actionable step you can take the following week to get better?
Yes, we have that cool feature inside Edgeflow, right? But we still advise our traders to
review the AI report and then reflect themselves, right? So we still actually encourage them to do
their manual reflection. Because when you actually do your manual reflection, then now you're able to
actually get better because now you actually know what you're doing well, what you're not doing so
well and you can do more of what works and less of what doesn't, right? So you're just able to build
that awareness by continue doing your journaling and reviewing yourself, right? So yeah, trading is
still a probabilities game. It does not remove uncertainty. What it can help you do is to navigate
the uncertainty with better structure. I believe that the real edge of AI is speed. It helps you close
the gap faster between confusion and clarity, emotion and logic, mistake and lesson, impulse and
discipline. A trader who gets faster feedback and clearer reflection will usually improve faster
than the trader who keep repeating the same emotional loops again and again alone.
That is why AI matters. It's not here to magically make you profitable overnight.
It's here to help you become more aware. It's here to help you become more reflective and more process
driven. So that's really the edge when it comes to AI.
Now, there are a few best times to use AI in trading. Before the trading session, you can use AI to help you get
clear on your trading plan. You can even use it to remind you that you have to review a trade plan.
During the trading session, this is where emotions start rising, right? This is where you start feeling
that you're out of balance and you are getting out of control and you need to return back to structure.
You can use AI here as well, right? You can speak to an AI. You can even chat with an AI that you're feeling emotional.
Once again, I'm going to show you how to do all of this later on. And then after the session, this is where
you can turn your trading day into actual learning instead of just moving on and just forgetting about
it by journaling your trade and then feeding your trades into the AI, asking it what you can do better.
What went well? What went not so well? What can you do better next time? How can you prevent yourself
from making the same mistake again? Right? So AI works best if you use it as a thinking partner
before execution, a reset tool during execution and a review assistant after execution.
The biggest mistake traders will make is trying to use AI to avoid thinking.
I really do not like this, right? That's the only thing that I don't like about AI. AI is just making
everybody more lazy. What I basically mean by that is that right now, if you have a question, you no
longer ask Google. You ask ChatGPT. And it usually gives you an answer. But let's say 20 years ago,
if you want to find the answer to a certain question that you have about trading, you will have to go to
the library, browse through tens or perhaps hundreds of books just so they can find the answer to your
trading question. Okay? So it's like right now with AI, a lot of people are just not using their
brain anymore. And if you don't use your brain, it's just going to deteriorate, right? So whatever
you don't use, it ends up like just getting weaker, just like muscle, right? If you don't train your
muscle every single day, just like what you've been doing for the past few months, right? Going to the
gym, all that stuff, your muscle is eventually going to deteriorate and you're going to lose your
muscle or it's going to turn into fat. Same thing with your brain, right? So do not use AI to avoid
thinking. If you want to become a profitable trader, if you're serious about mastering this skill set,
as much as possible, you don't want to depend on AI too much. With that being said, the best traders,
they don't use AI to avoid thinking, but they use AI to think better. So that's a massive difference
right there. If you use AI to chase certainty, you'll probably get weaker. If you use AI to sharpen
your awareness, tighten your decision-making and just reinforce your process, you'll probably get better.
Okay? So yeah, the way I think about AI in trading is very simple. It should help you return to your
process faster. It should help you ensure that you are grounded in the present moment and not affected
by your emotions. But if AI is making you more dependent, more confused, more passive, then you
are probably just using it wrongly. If it's making you more grounded, more honest, more aware and more
discipline, then you're using it correctly. Okay? So key takeaway, AI should not become your trader.
You shouldn't be relying on AI to trade for you. It should become your assistant. It should be used
as a tool that helps you think more clearly, regulate your emotions faster, make better decisions
inside the framework of your own system. That is the right way to use AI. In fact,
that's the only way you should be using AI. And that brings me to the second part of this lesson.
Because once you understand how AI should actually be used in trading, the next question you might have
in mind is, what does that look like in practice? How does Brett actually use AI on a daily basis?
That's what I'm showing you in the next section right here. And that is exactly why we built Flow AI,
right? That's why I've spent the past few months just feeding Flow AI everything that I know about
trading. Every single market mechanics concepts that you guys are learning throughout this entire
30-day mentorship series, Flow AI knows about it, right? So if you are unsure on anything,
you can ask Flow AI and it will give you a very good answer. It can essentially act as the coach that
is by your side 24-7, helping you before you start trading, during your trading and after your trading,
like what I'm going to show you, right? It's essentially going to be a personal trading
coach if you actually get access to your inside edgeflow. So with that being said, let me show
you how Flow AI actually works, how I use it, and how you can use it properly inside edgeflow.
Most traders don't need another strategy. They need a coach in their pocket. And I'll be real with you,
the trader who refuses to use AI is going to lose to the trader who does. Because one person is getting
faster feedback, clearer thinking, and less emotional decision making. And that's what Flow AI is for.
Now, quick expectation check before we start. Flow AI version 1 is not some magic AI that can read
your trading account, read your trading data, and just automatically know how you have been trading.
It only works as well as what you tell it, right? It's kind of like ChatGPT. In the future, Flow AI will
be able to give you personalized feedback based on your actual trades and your patterns inside edgeflow.
But for now, this is the first version. And it's still insanely useful if you use it the right way.
But the reason why it's so powerful is really because of the fact that I've trained it to think
like me. You heard that right. It literally have my consciousness, my brain in it. So when you use it
properly, it's like having a millionaire professional trader who's coached thousands of students
in your own pocket, helping you snap back into clarity, helping you regulate your emotions,
and help you make better decisions in real time. Quick note, Flow AI is a plus or pro feature,
which means that if you're on the basic plan, you won't be able to see this tab yet. Cool,
let's dive into it. So what is Flow AI? So Flow AI is a thinking partner to help you spot your blind spots.
And it's a structure to allow you to ask better questions. Like what is the meaning of life?
No, just kidding. Don't ask Flow AI that. And it also provides you a fast feedback loop when you feel
stuck. Now let's talk about what it's not. It's not a signal bot. It's not going to tell you where to buy,
where to sell. It's not going to tell you where gold will be five years from now. It's not going to
predict the next stock market crash. It's not a trade copier, right?
It's not a replacement for your rules, journal, or review process. It's not a trading robot. It's not
expert advisor. You still have to think on your own feed. You still have to trade on your own.
What it is, is it's a companion. It's a coach that you have available right in your own pocket.
Now, every time you ask Flow AI for help, there's three things you want to give it.
Number one is to provide it context. Okay. What session are you trading? What currency pair are
you trading? What setup are you using? Number two is your emotional state. How do you feel right now?
Whether you are feeling angry, doubting yourself, fear, FOMO, whatever it is, your emotional state.
Number three is the problem that you're facing right now. What's the exact decision that you're
struggling with? Okay. So when you give Flow AI these three things, it's able to provide you with
a much more accurate answer that is tailored to your situation, right? There's not some generic
answer, but it's tailored to your situation. So for example, this is where I maybe say,
I'm trading the London session. I'm trading EURUSD. I'm trading the pullback setup, right? I'm
anxious right now. I'm not sure whether I should actually take the next setup after a loss.
So this is where I send it to Flow AI. And then based on your contacts, once again,
Flow AI will give you an answer that is tailored to your situation, right? Like just look at how
clean this is. It's literally asking you, checking you on your technical bias, checking you on your
risk parameters. And then based on this, it's also checking on you on your emotions, right? It's
checking through your process, checking through your trading system. All right. And yeah, it pretty much
give you like a very in-depth answer that is really based on like the prompt that you have given it.
Okay. Technical, emotional, and also like, it's just solve your problem of you not sure whether
you should actually take the next setup or not. Right? So here's what I say. I hear you that pause,
loss, anxiety is normal. Let's ground you in structure, not emotion. Quick reset. What is your
bias on the higher timeframe? Okay. What is the location in which price is that, right? Is it at the
supply and demand zone? Is it at a flip zone? Is it at order block? And then once you got price
mitigation, do you have your confirmation, right? If you have the confirmation, then yes,
you can execute the trade. Then are you following your risk parameters, right? Yeah. So you can see,
it's literally like giving you like a quick little sanity check. And it's also ensuring that you are
following your rules, you're following your trade plan, you're following your system. And most importantly,
it provides you with some form of actionable step that you can take right now to prevent yourself
from letting the anxiety take control over you. Now, you don't have to follow this exact format.
But like I said, if you follow this exact format, this is where you are able to provide more context
to the AI. And you know how AI works, right? The better you prompt it, the better questions you ask,
the better answer it provides you with. But yeah, if you want, you don't have to follow this format.
It's just more of like a cheat code to make Flow AI understand you faster. If you want to keep it
even simpler, you can just talk to it like a human, right? So for example, when you feel emotional,
you talk to it. I'm feeling emotional right now. All right, Flow AI, what should I do?
When you're unsure about a trade idea, talk to it. When you feel stuck in your trading journey,
talk to it, right? So I want you to treat Flow AI like your trading companion,
like your trading coach, like having me right by your side, like your new best friend that keeps you
grounded in the present moment and stops you from doing the stupid things with the emotion spark.
Right? So whatever questions that is trading related, you can ask it and it will give you a
very good answer. Now let's talk about how I personally use it on a daily basis. So the thing is,
like I said, I've trained it to actually think, act and speak like a professional trader, which means
that if you're going to have a professional trader by your side 24 seven, you want to make sure that
you are really like using it every minute, every hour of the day, right? You are just really picking
his brain and just ensuring that you are making the right decisions and just overall getting guidance
from like this professional sentient being right here. Okay. It's not sentient yet. Okay. But anyways,
this is how I personally use it on a day to day basis. As we all know, that is before you trade,
when you are trading and after you trade, this is your pre-market routine. This is your trading
session. And then this is your post-market routine. So before I trade, which is doing my pre-market
routine before I execute anything, what I like to do is to use Flow AI to get clear and calm. I will ask
it to help me lock in my buyers and set my intention and just remind me of the key rules that I need to
follow today. So I'm in execution mode and I'm not in overthinking mode. So a problem that I'd like
to send it is a pre-market check, right? So pre-market check. Today, I'm trading EURUSD during London
session. My buyers is bullish. My rules are this and this, right? Once again, this is just like based
on my trip, then based on my edge. Give me three reminders to stay disciplined and one no trade warning
to watch out for, right? So this is what I'll send it before I start trading, right? So this is the
format that you can actually use. Like I said, just give it context, tell your buyers, explain your
rules to it. And then also just ask it to give you some reminders or ask it to give you a no trade
situation, right? So you can see, love the prep, clean, simple, aligned. So here's three simple
discipline reminders. Structure first, only trade from your point of interest. Your risk stays mechanical,
stick to 0.5% to 1% risk per trade. And here's a no trade warning to watch out for, right? So if EURUSD runs
without taking a point of interest and you feel fear of missing out, do not trade, right? Pass and
wait for the clear return to the point of interest with confirmation. Damn, I'm actually very impressed
by the answers that it's giving me right now because like, this is exactly how I personally
will approach the market. And quick check before clicking the buy, right? Is the higher time frame
still bullish? Do we take liquidity and get displacement? Do we have the confirmation? And so
on and so forth. You can see, even give it a psychology tip, right? Trade like the person you want to
become. Patient, selective, rule-based. You've got this. So I believe that every single trade you take
is not wasted. Every single trade you take is a vote for the person that you want to become, for the
trader that you want to become. So if you're taking a trade that is in accordance with your trade plan,
you are literally voting for yourself to be a disciplined trader, to be a professional trader.
And every single trade that you take that is outside of a trade plan, you are voting for yourself to be
an undisciplined trader, which means you're going to get inconsistent results. So that's what I like
to do before I start trading, right? Just get it to, you know, ground me in the present moment. Just
remind myself that I need to be sticking to the plan. I need to be sticking to my trading rules.
Now, the next thing is the most powerful one. And this one is when you are trading, okay? Like,
when you're trading, we all know that the minute price starts pulling back, or the minute price
starts going against you, you know, the minute price starts going into drawdown. This is where
you start feeling some form of emotion. Whether you're feeling triggered, whether you're feeling
rushed, whether you're feeling FOMO, or you're feeling this urge to make back the money that you
have lost, come to Flow AI. Flow AI will ground you, right? Will ensure that, you know, you pause,
right? You release all the emotional residue that is within you, and just step you back into logic
before you do something stupid. So here's what I like to do, like, when I'm feeling emotion.
What I like to do is come to Flow AI and just tell the emotion I'm facing, and just like literally
try to explain what's going on in my head. Like, what am I feeling right now? What I'm about to do?
And just ask Flow AI to talk me out of doing that, that something stupid, right? So this is where I say
something like, I feel angry. I feel tutored. I just took a loss. I'm about to take the next setup
immediately to make it back. Once again, you want to rationalize it, right? You want to
verbalize it. You want to verbalize your emotions. Because when you do this, this is, once again,
the first step to becoming more conscious, the first step to becoming more aware. And when you're
more aware of the solution, now when you're more aware of the problem, right, you're more aware of
the emotion, then this is where you can send it to Flow AI, and then Flow AI will give you a solution,
right, to prevent you from letting the emotion cloud your judgment, to prevent you from making stupid
decisions, right? So yeah, I'm about to take the next setup right now, man, to like make it back.
Talk me out of doing something stupid in three steps, and tell me what to do right now.
Once again, like this is just like an example prompt, right? You can probably have your own
prompt, but you kind of just understand like the structure around it, which is you tell you the
emotion, you tell you what you're going to do, and then you tell you to talk you out of
doing that stupid mistake, right? So you're in due, that's the most dangerous movement to click.
We'll reset you fast, we'll bring you back to rules. Stop and breathe, okay? Stop and breathe, cool.
Okay, cool. Reset structure, re-establish rules gate, only consider a new trade if all of these are
true, right? And here's what you should do right now. Step away from the screen for three minutes,
timer on, write a three line post loss review. Open sanctuary, right? Reassess your buyers,
identity check, perfect. Chef keys, right? Perfect textbook answer. And by the way, like when I was
training flow AI, it wasn't just me teaching flow AI, everything I know about trading,
all the trading experience and knowledge that I've accumulated for the past seven years. No,
I also train it on how a professional trader behave, right? I literally train it on like
all the materials that is available out there on the internet on how to think, act, feel,
trade like a professional, right? So that is why I see all of these answers is like very well
thought out. It's really because of the fact that like we have trained it to become
that trading coach, that ideal of like the most disciplined and professional trader ever.
Okay. So once that's done, right? So let's say I close my trade and I'm done trading for the day
itself. Now, this is where I can also come to flow AI, right? I can ask you to convert the day
into a lesson. All right. So if I lose this amount of money today, I took this amount of trades,
this is where I can provide flow AI with the context. And then based on that, flow AI can tell me
and help me identify what is the one pattern? What is the one mistake? What is the one rule that I can
adjust tomorrow so that I can get better, right? This way, every single day you are making progress.
You're not just taking more trades, right? You're not just busy. You're actually productive, right?
You are actually improving every single day. So this is where I can send something like, yo, flow AI,
here's a post session review. Today, I took three trades. I made about 1.2 hour. Best movement,
I waited for my point of interest and executed clean. The worst mistake is I cut a winner early
out of field. Give me one pattern that you see, one lesson and one rule for tomorrow.
Okay. So once again, this is just an example prompt. Let's see what it says.
All right. You're disciplined at entries. You know, you're waited for the point of interest.
You're managing winners emotionally. You're early cut due to field. Reason, fear spikes of the entry lead
to protecting unrealized P&L instead of following structure-based management. Good, right? So the
pattern here is you had a strong selection and timing at point of interest, but you exited early,
right? When price pulls back to the target, right? Exactly what I mentioned right there.
The lesson here is certainty comes from rules, not emotions. Manage the trade by structure,
not by the P&L flagship. Facts, facts, yo, word. Then rule for tomorrow, right? Move to break even or
take first bar shaloney, right? No early exit unless invalidation is tech or structure flips against you.
And here's the optional prep queue for tomorrow. Great progress, right? So yeah, man,
we got an AI validating you, right? So even if you feel like shit, you can always come to Flow AI
and it will validate you. No matter what you say, it will love you. So yeah, that's pretty much what
I personally would do, right? How I would use Flow AI on a day-to-day basis, pre-market, during trading,
and post-market. Obviously, you don't want to abuse it, right? You don't want to rely on it too much.
You don't want to be too dependent on it. From time to time, you just need to think on your own
fit, right? You just need to think independently, right? Because after all, your goal is to be an
independently, consistently profitable trader, not someone who relies on a crutch, right? So yeah,
from time to time, you can use it to assist you, but you still need to do your own trading,
you still need to do your own reviewing, you still need to do your own journaling,
you still need to do your own reflecting, right? There is no outsourcing of all of those tasks to
Flow AI, unfortunately, okay? So what it can help you is to help you get better, help you spot the
patterns, help you, give you the lessons that you need, and just overall give you more feedback from
a rational standpoint, from a more objective standpoint, so you can actively get better.
Now, here's a few prompts that you can use, right? I'm just going to list all of them out on the screen
right now, right? So number one would probably be like, help me get into execution mode, right? So
here's my plan today, this is the sentence, right? This is the sentence of your trade plan, right? So
maybe you want to actually trade your fair value gap plan, and then explain the plan to Flow AI,
and then here's my biggest risk today, one sentence, okay? Like, what could potentially go
wrong while trading this plan? Give me three reminders before I trade. And then here's another
problem that you can use here as well, which is you're feeling emotional, right? When you're feeling
emotional, like I said, just talk to Flow AI, you know, I just had a loss, I feel anger, I feel fear,
I feel FOMO, talk me out of, you know, making a stupid decision. And then next could be, make this
decision binary, right? Should I take this setup? Or should I skip it? And then you give it context.
And then based on this, once again, Flow AI will provide you with the best cost of action.
And then next is to find a pattern, not the story, right? Like I said, if you keep on repeating the
same mistake over and over again, and you can't seem to stop it, right? You want to, once again,
provide context with Flow AI. Yo, Flow AI, so I've been, you know, like, taking a bunch of losses,
I find myself always doing the same mistake over and over again, based on what I'm telling you,
what's the pattern that I'm repeating? And how can I break out of the pattern?
Right? How can I start becoming more conscious? And then last but not least, you can tell your
mistake, right? And then give me one if then rule to prevent it tomorrow, right? So maybe my mistake
today is, I actually did not wait for a liquidity sweep before I actually enter for the trade.
Now give me one if then rule to prevent it tomorrow. And then you would do so, right?
So yeah, these are some example prompts that you can use, right? These are five prompts.
Like I said, you can really just speak to it, honestly, right? You don't have to follow these
prompts at all. You should really just treat it like having a trading mentor right by your side.
Okay? So here's what to do when it starts giving you generic advice, right? Because we all know how
AI is. Sometimes it might give you advice that is not tailored into your situation, right? Advice that
is not personalized. So when you encounter scenarios just like this, you want to tighten the question,
right? Maybe you want to tell it, yo, just give me one answer only, right? Don't give me all of these
five different answers. Don't beat around the bush. Just give me one answer only. And then you might also
want to add constraints, right? Send like a follow up message saying that only use my rules, right?
Only take into account the context that I've provided you with, not general trading advice.
Okay? Like I said, the quality of the answers is heavily dependent on the quality of your prompts,
is dependent on the quality of your questions. So if you ask the right question to provide sufficient
amount of context, it's going to give you a banger of answer just like this. And also what you can
potentially do is ask for questions instead of answers, right? So if you give you like a generic
advice, say, okay, meditate, then now you're like, okay, that's not helpful for my situation. So maybe
ask me what you need to know. Ask me what you need to do in order for you to give me a personalized
advice, right? Maybe something just like this, right? Just follow up with Flow AI.
So yeah, that's pretty much everything for Flow AI that I wanted to share today, right? I know it's
very, very cool. I really like it as well. I think it's a very useful tool because we are living in the
age of AI. And if you don't leverage it, you're going to lose to the trader who does. By end of the day,
just understand that Flow AI is here to help you think. Once again, like I said, it doesn't replace
the trader who is doing. You still have to be the one that is executing the trades. You still have
to be the one that is doing your own processes, executing your own trading system. And when you're
chatting with Flow AI, please make sure that you just like have one conversation at any given moment
instead of like, you know, like spiraling out and start asking stuff like, yo Flow AI, what's for lunch?
What's for dinner? You know, today I'm actually about to watch this Netflix show. What's the best Netflix
show to watch? No, just use Flow AI for trading stuff, please. Right? Like if you're going to ask
about all the general stuff, it's probably not going to give you the best answer, right? You can
probably rely on ChatGPT on that. Actually, in fact, let me try this out. What's the best Netflix show
right now? Just to like, you know, maybe show you that. I'm here. Yup. You can see it. It's probably not
going to give you the best answer, you know? If you're asked like a general question that is not
related to trading. So for all those general questions, I highly recommend you to stick to
ChatGPT, right? You can ask it whatever you want. Flow AI, keep it strictly for trading, okay?
Use it to return to your process, not to find certainty in the market. So that's Flow AI. That's
first version of Flow AI. Like I said, the future versions is going to be much more powerful. It's
going to be much more like context driven. It's going to be much more smarter as well.
And as time passes, just know that we will keep on improving Flow AI so that the feedback becomes
much more personalized and it becomes much more automatic as well, because now it's actually
integrating into your trading data in the future, right? For now, just know that the quality of the
answers is heavily dependent on the quality of your prompts. So if a prompt is not good, right? Like this,
then you're going to get a low quality answer, right? So if you ever think about, oh,
Flow AI is not doing a good job, then you might want to ask yourself whether you are doing a good
job prompting it, right? Whether you are giving it a good question. And last but not least, just
remember that if you use Flow AI as like a therapist for your trading decisions, it will really like just
save you from your worst habits. It will save you from yourself. And like, that's the whole game right
here, right? It's ask better questions, get better feedback and treat with less emotion.
And you do that with the help of Flow AI.
