A lot of traders spend so much time learning how to enter, but almost no time learning how to
manage the trade once they're actually in. And that is a huge mistake. Because amateur traders
obsess over entries and professional traders obsess over exits. A good entry alone does not
make you profitable. It's just half of the equation. If your stop loss is in the wrong place,
your take profit makes no sense, or your trade management is emotional, then you can have the
best entry in the world, but you will still fail. So in this lesson, I want to break down how to
actually manage your position properly, including where to place your stop loss, where to place your
take profit, and how to think about trade management in a way that is structured instead of emotional.
So with that being said, let's go on to the charts and talk about where to place your stop loss and
take profit. For context, this was the first trade that I've taken in April. Yeah, this was the first
trade I've taken in April, right here. And I think we caught about, yeah, almost three out on this
trade itself. So let me quickly walk you guys through the thought process for this. Once again,
from entries to exits. Okay, so everything. And I'm just going to give you guys extra tips while I'm
going through that. So if you look at this right here, internal structure is bullish. Swing structure
is also bullish. So if you're looking for shots right here, you must really manage your expectation,
which means you can't swing for the fences and try to target like all the way down here. It just
doesn't make sense. Because once again, you are already going counter against everything. So first of
all, do not do this. Do not try this at home. If you're a beginner, if you're a beginner, stay away
from this trade, I would not advise you to trade against the internal order flow and also against
the higher time frame order flow. Basically, just trade the price action, which is the most obvious
to you. Because most often than not, the price action, which is the most obvious to you, is also the
most beneficial to you. Okay, so write this down somewhere. The price action that's the most obvious
to you, it's often also the most, it's also the most beneficial to you, right? It's also the one
that is like the most high probability, right? So in this case, as much as possible, if I were you and
I'm a beginner, I'm going to try to look for longs, which means I'm going to look for longs at all of
these demand zones right here to trade with this internal structure. Number two, for the intermediate
traders, for the advanced traders who want to, you know, take advantage of the counter trend,
right? Get scops just like this. And bear in mind, if you are trading against everything,
you want to manage your expectation. It's very important for you to know exactly where to get
out if you're wrong and also where to get out if you're right. This is something that I like to nail on
is that amateur traders focus on entries, professionals focus on exits.
Because exits is what make you the money or cause you to lose a little bit of money.
So exits is the hard part, right? Which means that if you don't manage your expectation,
you try to target like here or here or here or some random place that you think price would go,
there's a very high chance that you're going to get stopped out sooner or later. And you're going to
like kick yourself in the balls, right? Just because like you place your exit at the wrong place.
So second tip, if you are trading these sort of setups, manage your expectation.
All right, manage your expectation. Now, let me just go through the entry, right? So why would I
enter for a sell right here, even though it's counter against everything? It's because if I'm
scalping right here, this is actually pro internal order flow for me, right? So I'm actually trading
with the internal order flow. It's just that I'm looking at it from the lens of a scalpel. I'm
looking at price on the one minute timeframe. So yeah, super duper aggressive scalp. This is a scalp.
This is scalp, a mixture of scalp and an intraday trade, right? So once again, let's take it one step
back first. If you look at a structural bullish. Internal structural shifted bullish right here.
Fractal market shift internal break of structural. Everything is bullish right here. And just by doing
this alone, I know that this is my swing low and this is my swing high, right? So this is the range
that we are trading within. And right now, when I see price being super extended, just like this,
like you guys, like I told you guys a thousand times, I don't ever take formal trade. This is a
lesson I've learned the hard way from losing a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of money. I don't ever look for
long position when price has already made a significant move just like this.
So if I'm not looking for longs and I want to look to like scalp this move right here,
what I want to do is to play the counter trend, right? I want to play the pullback to like each
one of these demand zones right here. Because like I said, because of gravity, price will eventually
start pulling back. It could pull back to this demand zone or this demand zone, whichever demand zone
that is within this discount pricing. That's just how the market fundamentally move, right? That's
just why price move. Okay. Like that's it. So if that's the case, then I know like with a high degree
of certainty, that price will make a pullback to at least this demand zone, at least this one. I don't
know whether price is going to pull back to this one, but I know for a fact that it's going to pull
back to this one because of the fact that we got this overextended move to the upside. And this
is the nearest five minute demand zone. So if at some point of time, price starts running out of
buying momentum and buying pressure right here, guess what? It's going to come back to this gas
station right here at this next five minute demand zone to gather more fuel before you continue
pushing to the upside. And if there's not enough fuel at this gas station, then it's going to continue
going down to the next gas station, which is this demand zone to grab more fuel and then move to the
upside. So long term wise, higher time frame bias wise, I'm still bullish. No doubts about that.
But short term, I'm bearish because I know for a fact that price is going to start pulling back.
And if I know that, why don't I play this move to the downside? Since I'm a scalpel, right? I'm looking
to get in and out within a few minutes, within a few hours. I'm not interested in holding this
trade for long. Right? So this is where I'm thinking to myself, okay, I'm trying to play this pullback
right here. But now the next question becomes like, where is the optimum point of entry? Because
it's very difficult to try to predict the top of the market. If you enter for a sell right here,
there's a chance that price will just make a tiny pullback and just continue going up. And then you
get stopped out. Right? So you want to make sure that you wait for extra confirmation. So once again,
I'm approaching this from a scalping standpoint. And since on a five minute time frame,
I don't see any fractal low right here. The most recent fractal low I can see is right here.
Okay. So if price take out this fractal low, then yes, price is going to pull back to this area right
here. But what about right now? If I don't see a fractal low right here, then my next natural
approach is to go down to my one minute time frame and try to identify my fractal market shift over
here. So this is where you can see, this is the last one minute fractal market shift.
So the minute price take out this low, we know for a fact that price is going to pull back to this
area right here, this next demand zone right here. And if I get an internal break of structure to the
downside to validate this market shift, then boom, I'm going to be very confident to pay the pullback
to the downside right here. Because this is where I know for sure, right, the pullback has officially
occurred. And it's going to come down to this area that I have down here. So in this case, this is 3.30 p.m.
Right. So this is like when London session actually opened 30 minutes into London session. And over here,
I was very patient, you know, not doing anything. In fact, I literally just came back from the gym
after doing like a push day. And I saw the price action like right here. I remember pulling up the charts
and I saw price like somewhere around here. And I was just looking for my entry over here. I was just
being very patient, just waiting for the market to come to me. Once again, another tip, write this
down somewhere. Never ever chase price. Whatever you chase runs away. Same thing as money, same thing as
whatever, right? That's just the fundamental law of the universe, right? Whatever you chase runs away.
And the worst part about chasing is that you get a shit entry. If you chase price, you get a bad entry.
If you chase price, you enter for a sell right here. You have to place a stop loss above this high,
you get a shit entry. So never ever chase price. That price comes to you, right? So do your analysis,
do your chart markups. You will know that since we just got the eyeballs, validate this fractal market
shift. Internal structure has shifted bearish. And now I'm looking for short because once again,
internal structure has shifted bearish. And I'm still trading with the internal structure,
right? Because I'm approaching this from the lens of a scalpel. So in this case, very patiently doing
nothing right here, still doing nothing, right? Price has made this bearish candlestick right here
a lot. 90% of the retail traders, including myself last time, will enter for a sell right here.
But now I understand liquidity is a different story. Now I'm like, okay, cool. Let me try to
identify the liquidity points. Because another thing that Brad has said repeatedly in all of his
lessons is that no liquidity, no entry. No liquidity, no entry. So in this case, price does this. I'm not
going to enter for the trade because there is no liquidity sweep. Like where's the liquidity?
Well, there's liquidity above this high. And now price has just created a little high right here,
which means there's also liquidity being built up above that high. So I'm waiting there, very
patiently, waiting for that to get swept out. And also, most importantly, I'm waiting for price to
come up to my point of interest. Like I said, you don't chase price. You wait for price to come to you
and you wait for price to come to your point of interest. So in this case, price over here haven't
mitigated my supply zone. So chill. The minute price mitigated my supply zone. Boom. Now I'm
interested. So now I'm looking for the aggressive entry in this particular situation. Why the
aggressive entry? Because internal structure is on my side. And this is where we can also see the push
and pull inducements being swept. So this is actually a high probability scenario.
If the internal structure is not on my side, then I'm looking for the conservative entry,
right? If the market situation is just telling me that it's like, I don't know whether I want to
enter for aggressive entry model right here, then I'll probably go for the conservative entry model.
But in this case, because I was so confident that the internal structure is really bearish and we are
in this high probability scenario where there's all the liquidity in the world that's being swept,
I'm more than happy to deploy the aggressive version of the entry model. So the minute price
went up there, swept the high right here, swept the high on the left-hand side, right? We got both
liquidity, push, pull, inducement being swept. Price comes up to this supply zone, internal structure
bearish. All the stars in the entire universe is literally lighting up for me to actually enter
for the trade. This right here is an A setup. I wouldn't call this an A plus setup, but I'll call
this as an A setup. So I pretty much waited for price to, you know, give me like a crash confirmation
just like this or the minute price mitigated this zone. And then this is where I look for shorts
and I place my stop loss above this supply zone. Now, the next part I want to talk about is the exits.
Let me give you a tip. All right. Let me give you a tip. Often too greedy with my exit.
That's the problem right there. Let me give you guys a tip. When it comes to exit, you basically
just want to exit at the price point in which based on your research, price is most likely going
to get to. That's it. I don't think anyone has explained to me in that manner before, but that's
it. And the keyword here is based on your research, where the market is going to head towards next, not
where you think you head towards next, based on where the market is heading towards next. So first thing is
let's talk about the take profit, right? Which is where to exit if the trade goes well.
Well, a lot of people, they are looking at this trade right here and they're going to place their
take profit like all the way down here. You know, they convince themselves, oh, price is just going
to go down here, right? Or what they tend to do is that maybe they place it down here or maybe they
place like somewhere around here in the middle of nowhere. But like I said, this is not where the market
is going to head towards next. You want to ask yourself right now, where is the market going to
head towards next for sure? What is the internal structure telling us? What is the price action
telling us? If I'm entering for a shot right here, bare minimum price is going to come down here.
Okay. Absolutely. No doubt. Because this is the next five minute supply zone.
I know five minute demand zone. Okay. This is the next five minute demand zone.
Now, if I'm a scalpel, as much as possible, if I'm entering the trade on the one minute time frame,
I'm placing my take profit at either the next one minute demand zone or supply zone or the next five
minute supply demand zone. But I won't try to target the next one hour supply or demand zone.
There's a time frame misalignment. There's a misalignment of expectations there, right? Because
you can't be, okay, like you can, if you're like really, really good in terms of like, you know,
identifying the structure. But majority of the times you cannot try to target where you would
target as a swing trader, if you're entering as a scalpel. Once again, the only caveat here is that
you can, if you really understand what you're doing, then this is where you capture those sniper
entries, one is the 50 hour trade, whatever, which is incredibly, incredibly rare. Majority of the
times you just want to manage your expectation and just place a take profit on the time frame that
you enter the trade on. So if you're entering the trade on the one minute time frame, you place a
take profit based on the one minute time frame structure. If you're entering the trade on the five
minute time frame, you place a take profit based on the next five minutes structural high
or low or the next five minute supply and demand zone. Trust me, just by doing this one change to
your entire trading plan, you will reduce the amount of unnecessary losses. You will increase
the frequency of you hitting TP because this is something that fundamentally just changed the way
that I trade is to just manage my expectation and just be a little bit pessimistic when it comes to my
TP. So in this case right here, if you are super duper conservative, right? Next one minute demand
zone, this one right here. You can just place a take profit right here. One is a two hour good enough, right?
You get out right there. But if you're a little bit more confident, you can place it at the next five
minute demand zone, right? Which in this case is going to be like somewhere around here. This is the next five
minute demand zone right here. Because you can see this exact demand zone on the five minute time frame as well.
Right? So this is the next five minute demand zone.
Now, if price will take out that five minute demand zone, then there's a chance that it's going to go to the next
five minute demand zone, which is this one right here, right? Which is this other obvious five minute demand
zone right here, right, right here.
So that's my best tip for you guys when it comes to your take profit
is to just place your take profit at the next opposing supply and demand zone or the next structural
low or high that is either on the same time frame that you make your entry on or just one time frame
above your entry time frame. Now that's for the take profit. Now for the stop loss, bro, very simple.
Like I always say, you just want to place it at a price point, which invalidated a trade idea.
So it's like, what is the price point that if price gets to
prove that your trade idea is wrong, prove that your hypothesis is wrong.
That is the question that I always ask myself before I enter for the trade,
before I actually press the buy and sell button. I need to know exactly where I'm getting out if I'm
wrong. So in this case, where's that price point? Well, it needs to be at some form of protected
high, right? It needs to be at a high that swept liquidity because that's the institutional level
where price is most likely going to respect. And if price take out that level, then there's a chance
that either a next liquidity sweep is going to happen or the entire structure is just going to
shift bullish and my trade idea is wrong. So it needs to be at some protected high or protected low.
And another thing is, is it at, like, ideally, I want to place it a few pips above the supply,
the one zone that I entered the trade on, right? So in this case, this is the supply zone that I
entered the trade on. I'll place it a few pips above it. I wouldn't place it right above it because
there's a chance for price to make a pullback. And when it does, you're going to get wicked out.
You're going to get stopped out. Later on, price will go down in a way. In this case, using that two
logic in mind, right, your protected high and low, and also your supply zone, first of all,
protected high, right? This right here becomes the new protected high. Before this high has been
established, before I swept liquidity, where is the next protected high? It's going to be this one
right here. Because this is where price went up there, swept liquidity, and then started going down.
So this is the protected high. So if this haven't been formed, if I enter somewhere around here,
or here, I'm placing my stop loss above this protected high, since that's the highest point
that swept liquidity. But right now, since price has already swept liquidity above this high and
above this high, this becomes the new protected high, which means that I can place my stop loss
a few pips above this high right here. All right, just a few pips above this high. And then for my
take profit, no, and then for the second part, which is the supply zone, right? So in this case,
this is the supply zone I'm entering the trade on. So as much as possible, I want to give you a little
bit of breathing room if I'm actually placing my stop loss based on a supply zone. So this could be
like the worst case scenario, right? If there is no protected high right here, let's say price
did not sweep liquidity right here, and it's just a normal high. And in this case, I got two choice.
I can either place my stop loss above the protected high right here, or I can place it a few pips
above this supply zone. And if I place it a few pips above this supply zone, this will give me a much
better risk to reward ratio compared to placing it above this protected high. So that is where I will
go to the latter option and just place it above this high right here. So the rule is, if there is a
protected high, place it right there. If there is no protected high, place it at either the nearest
protected high that was formed in the past or a few pips above a supply zone if you're selling or a few
pips below a demand zone if you're buying, whichever one that is nearer, right? Whichever one that offers
you a better risk to reward ratio. So hopefully after this lesson, you can see that position management
is not just something that you figure out after you enter for the trade. It should already be part
of your plan before you even take the trade. Like I said, a good trade is not just about finding the
right entry. It's also about knowing where the trade is going to go wrong and where the trade is
most likely to react and how to manage it without letting emotion take over. That is why your stop loss
should never be random. It shouldn't be based on where you feel you should be placing it at.
Same thing as a take profit. It should never be based on hope. Okay, I'm hoping price is going to
go up there. So I'm going to place my take profit there. No. And your trade management should never be
based on how you feel in the moment. It should all come from structure, logic, data, and the story
the market is telling you. Okay, so remember, protect your downside, give your trade enough room to
breathe, and make sure your exits actually make sense. Because that is how you stop turning good
profitable setups into bad outcomes. And when you combine a strong entry with smart risk management,
and a clear exit logic, that is when your trading starts to become so much more consistent.
So with that being said, I'm looking forward to teach you guys more concepts in the next lesson.
And as always, remember, you're just one trade away.
