So far this year, I've made $1.56 million day trading, and I've documented every single trade
live on my second channel. And today I'm breaking down a simple and effective entry model, which is
what I like to call the institutional precision model. Well, that sounded a lot better in my head.
Anyways, if you stay till the end, I'm going to share with you some unfiltered advice for
unprofitable traders, like some brutally honest advice to wake your ass up. With that said,
let's dive into it. Bread go, let's go. So the first step is you want to find an institutional zone.
And how I define an institutional zone is pretty much a point of interest, a price point, which
institutions entered for a large amount of buy or sell orders. So that is the definition of an
institutional zone. And how you identify an institutional zone is by finding a protected
low or a protected high with liquidity sweep. And here's exactly what I mean. So what we can see
right here was that price went up, pull back, goes up, pulls back, goes up, come down here,
serve this previous swing low right here before continue going up right here. So at this point
of time, we see clear as day that is a liquidity sweep over here, which automatically means that
institutions cost price to actually collapse, trigger out all the stop losses that was,
you know, hanging out below this low right here, grab some liquidity before it actually pushed price
all the way up here. You can see there's a very sharp V-shaped reaction as well. And if you just
observe the size of the candlesticks that was formed right after the liquidity sweep, you will see that
there's a lot of bullish momentum in the market. So this right here is clear as day, a demand zone
that swept liquidity, which means that it is an institutional demand zone, right? So you can just
use a box too and mark up like the pivot candle, right? The candlestick right here, that swept
liquidity, that swept this low right here, and just draw a big, cute little box just like this.
And that becomes your institutional zone, right? So there you have it. Your first step is done.
And over here, what happened previously was that price has also created like a high low right here.
So there is also some available liquidity below this low right here, which have already been swept.
So that becomes our institutional demand zone. And that tells us that this is where smart money
have actually entered into the market. So if I'm smart money today, and price returns back to my
point of interest, guess what? I'm going to be scaling into my long position. I'm going to be scaling
into my first initial position right here. Because they're not going to be buying here. They're not
going to be buying here. It's way too high. They are much better off just waiting for price to come
back to the original price point, which they entered initially, and load up on more buy orders,
right? So that's pretty much the logic of institutional zones. Basically, it allows us to
smart money footprints, so that we can actually, you know, right the institutional flow of money.
Now, another key characteristic of an institutional zone is that it has to lead to a break-off structure,
right? So over here, what happens is that price created like a swing high here, comes down. Later
on, demand overpowered supply causes price to head up tremendously and break structure by taking out
this swing high right here. So this demand zone led to like a bullish break of structure, just like this.
And it was also formed after a protected low, right? After a swing low, that swept liquidity itself.
So that's pretty much my protected low right there, which means that it's protected. So by definition,
it means that price is very likely going to respect this demand zone, respect this low right here,
and just continue going up just like this. So once again, this increased the probability of this zone
actually holding itself. So price will not just like start collapsing and take out this low and just
start going down and just collapse to shit. So if this is the protected low, then this is pretty much
the swing high, right? So we got swing low that broke structure and swing high is pretty much the
highest point that led to price starts pulling back. So now we have identified a swing range that
we are trading within. And the next step is easy. It's to just wait. Okay, which means you do nothing
until price actually mitigate, touches this institutional zone itself. And this is the hard
part because so many of you watching this are going to get itchy fingers and let your monkey brain take
control of you and start entering for buy, sell, buy, sell, like around here when price is like in the
middle of nowhere. And then you wonder why you keep on getting stopped out. You wonder why you're
unprofitable. So if you are completely new, you don't have much experience, you're much more better
of just waiting for the high property setups to appear, which means waiting for price to mitigate
the institutional zone that we have marked up right here. Okay, so at this point of time, price is in
the middle of nowhere. I don't care what price does. Price can do whatever it wants over here.
Obviously, if you want to trade the pullback, the best time to do so is to enter for a sell
somewhere around here and trade it all the way down to this institutional zone, right? So once again,
this is for like the more advanced traders. If you want to trade counter trend, you can look for
shots over here, over here, over here and trade it all the way down to this institutional zone.
That's not what this strategy is about. That's not what this entry model is about. This entry model,
it's a high property model, which is what we call the institutional precision model, which means we
want to trade in the direction of the institution flow of money. And institutions, they are just going
to be patiently waiting for price to come back to the point of interest, right? So at this point of time,
we are doing nothing. Price is consolidating around here, cool. And eventually, it comes down and
mitigate our institutional demand zone, right? So first criteria check, right? First step done,
second step done. And the third step is you want to enter after price sweeps the initial mitigation of
the institutional zone. The keyword here is initial, right? What I basically means by that is that
when price comes down to this institutional demand zone, it's going to get a reaction. It's going to
get an initial reaction just like this. Price is going to bounce off it because the minute price
actually come into here, there's going to be buy orders sitting at this price point here, and it's
going to start pushing up just like this. But we don't really want to enter on the initial mitigation
because the initial mitigation is usually an inducement, which means it's a trap laid out by the
institutions, the smart money, the big banks, so that they can actually bid retail traders to enter
early. And then later on, price comes down, sweep all the stop losses right here before it actually
start reversing, right? Before the real move actually happens. So we don't want to become the
liquidity. We want to make sure that we are spotting the liquidity. So in this particular case,
the minute price comes down, you can see right here on the five minute time frame, it came down,
mitigated this zone right here, no entry, no bueno, all right? This is just good old liquidity.
You can see later on, price came down there and swept the liquidity below this low. And right now,
we are potentially pushing up just like this. We got price mitigating the institutional zone.
We also got price sweeping the initial mitigation of the institutional zone. So this is where you can
potentially look for entry itself. And one more thing, right? This is more of like a bonus tip is if you
look at the left hand side, you can also try to spot any additional liquidity. So on the left hand
side right here, what we have was that price went up there, pulls back, right? And then goes up even
further. So this is pretty much like an internal low. So that is also going to be liquidity sitting
below those lows right there. So ideally, we want to see those get swept as well. So in this particular
case, it did swept those lows as well, right? So it swept the liquidity that is formed in a
continuation phase. And now it also swept the liquidity that is formed in the pullback phase
itself.
So at this point of time, I want you guys to continue to observe what price does. Price
started reacting from this point of interest, come down, sweep more liquidity. And this is
where we know that the real move is potentially going to happen. Because right now, it's officially
swept like the initial 15 minute mitigation. Previously, it just swept like the five minute
mitigation, right? And then once again, this is the inducement, right? This initial move to the
upside, this is to entice retail traders to enter early right here. So if you're scalping,
potentially what you could have entered is somewhere around here and you can target like
at this high right here, right? So very quick move to the upside, right? So you can actually
capitalize on this short term move to the upside. But if you're day trading, you're much more
better off waiting for price to once again sweep the initial mitigation on at least a 15 minute
timeframe, right? This is the initial mitigation, wait for that to get swept. And then you make
your entry from here, right? So at this point of time, initial mitigation has been swept.
All the available liquidity has been swept as well. Price is most likely going to respect
like this protected low, this demand zone that we have marked up over here, which means that
I'm going to look for longs right here. Okay? So very, very simple. Once again, understand
the objective of price. Understand the context of price. Don't trade your belief about the market.
the market for what it is. Trade the objective reality of the market. And you can only trade
the objective reality of the market by first understanding what's the objective of price.
So right now we have identified that this is just a pullback for price to come back to the
demand zone to create like a higher low in this overall swing structure right here. So right
now, if I want to trade the objective reality of price, I want to make sure that I'm riding
this next continuation to the upside, right? This next leg to the upside. So that is pretty
much where I can place my entry over here. I entered right after the initial, right after
price swept the initial mitigation itself. Once again, I didn't enter on the initial mitigation.
I entered after price swept all the available liquidity. Once again, just to keep it super
duper simple, this pretty much reduce the chances of you getting stopped out of you being the
liquidity. If you can just be a little bit more patient to just wait for price to actually
mitigate your institutional zone, to wait for the liquidity to get swept. It will reduce the
likelihood of you getting stopped out, which means it will reduce your losses and this
automatically increase your profits. As simple as that. To me, I define professional profitable
trading, not as winning more trades, but just losing less trades, making fewer stupid decisions.
All of a trader's problem stems from his inability to do nothing when the market is quiet. So if
you can just have the balls to just stomach the bottom, that is where you are going to be
10 times more profitable. So at this point of time, we have entered our trade. The next
question becomes, how do we manage this trade itself? Where do we place our stop loss? Where
do we place our take profit? Well, you want to place a stop loss at a price point that invalidate
this trade idea. That's my definition of like a proper stop loss placement. It has to be placed
at a price point that allow me to protect my downside. If this trade idea does not work out
in the way that I want it to work out. It has to be placed at a price point, which makes sense,
right? Which means you don't want to put it at like a random place. You don't want to put it too
tight or too far away. You have to find the right spot. So to me, I'm asking myself, what is the price
point which will invalidate this trade idea? What is the price point that will prove to me that my
hypothesis is wrong? So in this particular case, we got price creating like a protected low right here,
which means that this level right here, it has to hold in order for price to remain bullish,
in order for price to create like a higher low and then go up. So if you want to be conservative, what
you can do is that you can place your stop loss below the protected low itself. Because there's a very
high chance that price is going to respect this low right here and then goes up if the entire swing
structure is to remain bullish, right? The bullish structure is to remain intact. Now, if you want to be a
little bit more aggressive, which is how I personally roll because I kind of understand the market very,
very well and understand liquidity well, I will place it below this candlestick right here that swept all the
liquidity. Because this is me assuming that this right here is going to become the new protected low, right?
Because right now, yes, swept all the available liquidity that we have on the left hand side right here, which means that
price is most likely going to respect this protected low right here and just continue going up. Because
this is the second time institutions actually entered for long positions, actually scaled into the position
itself, which also means that they are not going to allow price to just continue going down right here,
break out the protected low to stop themselves out. There's a very low chance that that's going to happen.
So once again, trading is not a game of certainty. It is the game of probabilities. Play the odds,
manage your risk, and you will succeed. Fight the odds, be lexed with your risk, and you will fail,
right? So at this point of time, I'm just looking at this and just thinking about how I can put the odds
in my side. So that is why I actually entered right here and placed my stop loss at this price itself.
So that's pretty much where I will place my stop loss, right? Bear in mind, I'm much more aggressive,
I'm much more experienced in this market, so I can do this. And as for your take profit,
the take profit by definition is the price you want to get out at if your trade idea plays out,
if price actually go up in your way. If that's the case, you want to make sure that you place it at
a price point which allows you to maximize your upside, but at the same time, at a price point,
which is not too far away, right? Where price will like just reach somewhere in the middle of
your take profit and start reversing against you because you place it way too far away, right? So
it's all about finding the sweet spot. So in this particular case, once you have understood the
objective of price, you will know that the only obvious place to place your take profit is going to be
at the next supply zone, at the next institutional zone to be precise. Because right now, what we
have saw is that this pullback is potentially going to be over soon, right? Price is going to come up
there, demand is going to overpower supply, and as a result, price is going to continue heading up just
like this. But with that said, that is our assumption on what price is going to do. There is no
certainty that price is going to do that. Because remember, it's a probabilities game, it's a numbers
game. So this also means that I want to ask myself, where is the price point that price will
certainly gravitate towards? And that's where I want to get out if the trade idea do play out.
And if that's the case, I'm going to look at my left hand side, and I'm going to try to find my
institutional zone, the zone where institutions, you know, enter for sell or buy orders, like a bulk
amount of buy or sell orders. So if I look at the left hand side right here, what do I have? We've got
price goes up, pulls back, goes up, start crashing down. So this is the origin point of like this
entire pullback right here. It's the starting point, the starting line when there is a large
amount of sell orders started flooding the market and caused price to pull back just like this.
If that's the case, this must be a supply zone. And if you look at the left hand side right here,
what do we have? We also got price sweeping the available liquidity above this swing high here as
well. So does this fulfill our criteria of institutional zone? Yes, it does. It's a supply
zone with a protected high that swept liquidity and it led to price breaking structure when price
came down here and took out the last internal high low right here, giving us the market shift,
which signal to us that the pullback is going to start to happen. So this entire thing right here
becomes my institutional supply zone, right? So like I said, you can either draw the supply
and demand zone at the candlestick that swept liquidity, right? So just like what I've done
right here, or you can mark the entire consolidation just like this, okay? So marking the entire consolidation
is more conservative, marking the refined candlestick is more aggressive, right? So for this particular
case itself, I'm just going to mark the entire consolidation just like this and I'll place my take profit
right there. So you can see in this particular case, this come out to be just nice around like a
one is to three risk to reward, right? So very, very sweet risk to reward right here. That is my minimum.
Minimum one is to three, which means I'm risking $10 to make $30. I'm risking $100 to make $300, right?
So I'm pretty much getting back in return three times of what I'm risking itself. So I deem that as
a fairly intelligent risk to reward decision. So in this particular case, once that's done,
I'm just going to let the trade play out, okay? So price goes up, goes up, slowly goes up,
slowly but surely emits a little bit of resistance right here because if you look at the left-hand
side, there is some form of supply right here. And then later on, price went up there and smashed our
TP as simple as that. Now, once again, the hard part is when price is in the middle of nowhere.
This is the point where a lot of people are going to be tempted to actually close the position early,
to take some money off the table. But if you do that, you are giving in to fear. You are not trading the
market for what it is. Once again, you are trading your belief about the market, not the objective
reality of your market. So you're trading your perception of the market rather than
the objective truth of the market. So in this particular case, it's so easy to just like,
you know, neglect your plan and just take profits early. But the people, the traders who have the
courage to just, you know, trust the analysis, trust the research and preparation and just let the trade
run, these are the guys that get rewarded for their patience, right? Like, that's pretty much it.
That's pretty much the holy grail right there. I literally just walk you through the entire top to
the bottom strategy when it comes to how to spot institutional footprints, and also how to manage your
risk like a professional. Because amateurs focus on entries, but professionals obsess over exits.
Let me repeat myself, amateurs obsess over entries, professionals obsess over exits.
That is why to me, personally, I don't think the hard part is in the entry because any Tom, Dick and
Harry can get like a sniper entry, if they are lucky, whatever. But the hard part is determining
where is the right price point to actually get out. If the trade turns out to be profitable,
so that you can actually maximize your upside. And if the trade turns out to be unprofitable,
so that you can actually minimize your downside. So this is the framework that I personally use.
Now, before I walk you through the next example, I think it's so important for you to understand when
not to trade. Because it's easy to know when to trade. Once you have identified your mechanical
framework, you have identified your entry criteria, your mapping process, and you just use like three
step framework that I just showed you. But it's difficult to just sit on your hands and just
do nothing when the market is quiet. And I think that's what separates professional traders from
amateur traders. Amateur traders try to trade every single hour, every single currency pair,
every single asset class, every single day, every single hour. While professionals, they only trade
when they have identified their A plus setups. And I have this beautiful quote, which I always tell
my students, the edge isn't in spotting A plus setups, it's in ignoring everything else. It's in
ignoring the setup, which looks like an A plus, but it's actually like a C setup. So it's important for
you to understand the environment in which you want to deploy this entry model, because this entry model
is super aggressive, which also means that if you are using it at the wrong place at the wrong time,
you're going to get stopped out, and you're going to fail, you're going to lose money, you're going
to blow accounts, and you're going to go back to frying burgers on the back notice, you're going to
blow your paycheck. And I don't want that to happen to you because I've been in your exact position
hundreds of times, right? I've blown seven accounts, failed multiple funding challenges,
lost over $10,000 in my first year of trading. So I know exactly how it feels to be a freaking loser.
Quite frankly, and that's why every single piece of content I put out here is to prevent you from
becoming the loser that I was, preventing you from losing your paycheck, losing whatever little
amount of money that you have left after you actually put food on the table. Okay, so this
is pretty much the scenarios in which you want to use this entry model. The first scenario is a high
property scenario. Now, once again, trading is a game of probabilities. It's not a game of certainty,
which is why as much as possible, we only want to deploy this aggressive entry model on high
property scenarios. Because if you deploy it in low property scenarios, you can find the exact entry
model, you can have all the liquidity in the world, but it's not going to work out. Because the
environment, the context is wrong. So high property scenario is pretty much when you are trading with
the trend. So in the example they just showed you, price goes up, pulls back, create like a particular
low, creating like a demand zone right here, and then you just enter for a buy, trading the next move
to the upside. This will work if the overall swing structure is bullish, right? On the higher time frame,
price is creating higher highs and higher lows. Then obviously, you want to be just continue buying at
the higher lows. But if this happens, when price is consolidating, or when price is in a downtrend,
there's a very low chance that this is going to work. So once again, you can see the exact same
example, but the environment is different. Then what can happen is that instead of price doing this,
price is going to collapse, and you're going to get stopped out. All because you fail to understand the
context of the market. And the context of the market is once again, the objective reality of
the market. So the next scenario is high probability point of interest. You must understand that not all
institutional zones are created equal. There's times where price is going to respect the zone,
and it bounces off just like this. And there are also times where price is just going to blast right
through it. And it all comes down to how strong that zone is. So there's a few criteria which pretty much
strengthen or weaken a particular institutional zone. The first is if it's unmitigated, right? If
a demand zone is fresh and unmitigated, just like this, price is most likely going to respect it and
just goes up because of the fact that, you know, this is still a fresh zone that is going to be a
bunch of buy orders sitting within this point of interest itself. However, if this zone has already
been mitigated, the next time price actually come down here, there's a lower chance that is going to
respect this zone, right? So price can actually just blast right through it and just continue crashing
down. And then next is protected, right? Protected, we have literally just covered. It's basically like
a zone or like a swing low or swing high that swept liquidity. So as long as we got some form of
liquidity just like this, this entire zone is protected and price is going to respect it because
this is a valid institutional zone. And the next thing is whether it's part of like a supply and demand
chain. Supply and demand chain is basically price goes up, pulls back, goes up, creating like a
demand zone just like this. Later on, price come down, respect this previous demand zone and cost
price to continue going up, creating another demand zone. And then later on, price comes down, mitigate
this previous demand zone and just continue going up just like this. So you can see, it's pretty much
a chain in which price is respecting the previous point of interest over and over again. And we can
expect this entire momentum to sustain itself, which means right here we can draw, this is the near
demand zone and we are expecting price to respect that and just continue going up as long as the
bullish trend direction, the bullish structure remains intact. So those are pretty much the criteria of
what defines as the high property point of interest. Obviously, there's a lot of different
criteria which I don't really want to go through right now because it'll make this entire video like
freaking three hours long if I actually go into all the nuances in which
what makes a point of interest high property. But at a high level, you can see these are like
the most important ones. And then the next scenario is Tide Rangers, where you can see protected
structure and liquidity without zooming out. So this is a little bit difficult for me to showcase
without a chart. But basically what I mean is that if you're able to see this protected high right here
and see the pullback on the same chart itself without zooming out to the higher time frame or without
like doing this on trading view, like, you know, like just zooming out physically on trading view
itself, this means that we are in a tight range. Let me just give you like a quick example. So in this
particular case itself, you can see this is the demand zone that swept liquidity, right? So it's like a
protected demand right here is like a protected low. And in this particular case, I can see the liquidity,
I can see the structure all on the same chart itself. But if I have to actually, you know, zoom out like
this, to see the protected low on the left hand side, which means it's quite far away from where
price is currently at right now. It's a few hours or like a few days away. This pretty much means that
it's in a wide range, right? And it's not in a tight range. So in a tight range, just like this, where we can
see the liquidity, we can see the structure properly. This is where we want to actually deploy
this entry model itself, because it's assuming that price is going to be using the most recent
liquidity, rather than some liquidity that freaking existed like ages ago, decades ago. Okay, not decades,
but you get my point. Okay, cool. With that said, let's dive into the next example. And we're going to
look at it on a Bitcoin chart. Now, I want to really drive from the fact that this entry model works on
all asset classes. It works on crypto, futures, options, stocks, Forex, commodities, whatever tiny
little niche you'd like to gamble in, it works. And I'm going to show you that it works by applying it
to a Bitcoin chart, which is to me, the most volatile asset in the entire different asset classes out
there, right? So it's a force to be reckoned with. So if this entry model can work for this asset class,
it can work for all the other asset class, okay? So in this particular case, first step, always go and
identify my institutional zone, right? So over here, we can see price goes up, pulls back, goes up,
swept this higher, and it starts crashing down like crazy. And you can see there's also a lot of
imbalance on the left-hand side right here. You can see there's so much selling pressure. Look at this
big bearish candlesticks right here, the BBC, right? This means that there is clear as day,
institution selling pressure right here. And this is the origin point. This is the protected high.
Because once again, it swept liquidity over here, and it led to price breaking structure when price
actually came down here and taking out this previous swing low right here, leukemias are
cute little market shift, right? Cute little market shift right here. So if that's the case,
we can identify this as our institutional zone that swept liquidity, right? This is the supply zone
that swept liquidity. And once again, you can either mark up the entire consolidation just like this,
or you can mark up just the liquidity candle just like this, right? The candlestick that swept liquidity.
Okay. So now what do you do? What's step two? Step two is fold your arms or wear a straight jacket
so that you do nothing until price eventually reaches that damn institutional zone. Okay. You
fold your arms. All right. Just do nothing. Just chill. Just be calm. Just go and meditate or touch some grass.
So at this point of time, I'm not doing anything. I'm cool. My hands are getting itchy,
but I'm stopping my hands, right? You know, I'm like just pushing my hands down. No, Brad,
you can't. You can't trade right now. No, you're just going to wait. Another trick that really helps
me out is just set alerts, right? Like what you can do is come on the trading view, press this button
right here, set an alert at the price point that you want to get notified. Once price eventually
touches that price point and you do nothing until that alert goes off and you get the notification from
your boyfriend trading view on your phone, right? Like just do nothing until that thing comes,
then you go and check out the charts. Anyways, at this point of time, do nothing, right? Breathe,
chill, chill, touch some grass. Boom. Eventually price mitigate that supply zone right here. Mitigate
that institutional zone. Okay. So once again, second step is wait until price mitigate your institutional
zone. Third step is once again, you don't enter on the initial mitigation. You enter after the initial
mitigation itself. You enter after price shifts the initial mitigation. So let's go back in time a little
bit. The minute price actually mitigate your institutional zone just like this, what do you do?
This, this, this is what you do. Okay. This is what you do. At this point of time, it's so easy to get FOMO.
It's so easy to think like, oh my God, price is going to go down right now, man. I got to enter for
a sale right here. Yeah. You can go and do that if you want to be the liquidity. If you want to offer
your hard earned money to me, the guy who's patient enough to wait for the true liquidity sweep,
by all means, go ahead. I already have enough money. I don't need your money. But if you want to offer me
more, I'm more than happy to take it. Because trading is after all, it's like a zero sum game. You lose,
I win, I win, you lose. So at this point of time itself, price mitigated that zone. Do nothing,
right? We wait for price to sweep that initial mitigation. Nope. Nope. Boom. There we have it.
Right now, price is potentially sweeping the initial mitigation. If you look at the five minute time
frame, it has become more apparent, right? You can see price mitigate that zone. Chill. This is where
all the retail traders, the dumbest noobs is going to enter for a sale right here. But you,
the professional trader, you wait until price set the initial mitigation. So you've got your
liquidity sweep right here. And now you can look for your entry. Enter for a sale right here. Place
your stop loss. Once again, if you're conservative, place it above the high that swept liquidity,
above the protected high. And if you're aggressive, place it above the candlestick that swept liquidity,
that swept the initial mitigation. And you just target the next opposing institutional zone. Okay,
so at this point of time, where's the next institutional zone, right? But I forgot to mention,
well, you need to target the next opposing institutional zone. Man, it's cold, freaking hard
to pronounce. Institutional zone. Man, should I just call it IZ? Isaac? Isaac? Isaac? Isaac? Isaac is
actually like a pretty good name for like, this entire longest word. Okay, cool. You know what,
for the remaining of this video, I'm just going to call it Isaac, right? My boy, Isaac. Institutional
zone, shortened, abbreviated into IZ. And a nickname for IZ is Isaac. All right, for people who don't
understand the context. So at this point of time, where is Isaac? Where's Wally, right? So over here,
I can see price goes up, pulls back, right here, and then come down, swept liquidity below this low,
and then starts pushing up, comes down, goes up, pulls back, swept liquidity below this low, and then
start pushing up. So at this point of time, this is the next opposing Isaac, the next opposing zone
that swept liquidity. So if I'm actually entering for a sell right here, what I can do is to just place
my take profit at this zone over here. And let's see whether that actually plays out.
The thorn price comes down, slowly but surely, smash our TP, just like this, comes down and smash
the hell out of Isaac. That's it. That's it, baby. That's it. As simple as that. But what I want you
guys to observe is what happens next. All right, so let's just continue to look at what price does next.
Price starts consolidating around here, starts crashing down even further. And where the price gravitated
towards? Well, the next demand zone, right? The next opposing demand zone. Okay, and then later on,
price starts going up. Boom. What do we have right here? What do we have here? All right,
so let's just get rid of our drawing over here. And previously, we have saw price actually swept the
initial mitigation on the five-minute time frame. But remember, price is fractured, which means that
whatever happens on the higher time frame must first happen on the lower time frame. And whatever
patterns that you see on the lower time frame will also happen on other time frames, on the higher
time frame as well. So in this particular case, this was the initial move. Now, if I just stay on
the 15-minute time frame itself, and I don't go now to the five-minute time frame to spot my initial
mitigation, then this is actually the initial mitigation on the 15-minute time frame itself.
That is the 15-minute mitigation, which means that if you are adjusting on the 15-minute time frame
itself, you will constitute this as the initial mitigation, which means you will not enter for a
sell right here when price does this. And you'll want to see that high get swept before you actually
look for your real move before you can actually trade the next leg to the downside. So in this
particular case, prices came all the way up here, swept the initial mitigation of this 15-minute
supply zone, right? And what we also have is price just coming deeper into the zone itself, right?
Like really just going deeper and potentially mitigating, you know, like the refined supply zone
that we have marked up right there. And now, watch what price does next, okay? So let's say over here,
we enter for a sell after we got that initial mitigation sweep, place a stop loss, once again,
above the candlestick that liquidated this high here, or place it above this supply zone, this protected
high right here. Either way, whatever it is, do what you want. And then place your take profit at the
opposing demand zone, the opposing institutional zone, right? So in this particular case, since we
are entering for a sell at a supply zone, our take profit is going to be at the next demand zone
that have some form of liquidity sweep. So if that's the case, just looking at this alone, where is the
most obvious price point that we can see this institutional movement? Well, if you look at the
left, what we have, price goes up, pulls back, good old juicy available liquidity being built up right here.
Later on, price comes down, swept all that liquidity before starting pushing all the way up here.
So if that's the case, this entire thing right here is our beautiful liquidity sweep, which also means
that this is our next demand zone, our next institutional zone, the next opposing institutional
zone where price is going to gravitate towards next. And it's further backed up by the fact that there is
so much liquidity, there is so much bullish momentum that was being created after price
actually set the liquidity. You can see this sharp V-shaped reaction right here, so much buying
pressure, right? So that's pretty much like the natural point in which price is going to gravitate
towards. And let's just wait and see what price does next. Price started slowly but surely try and
cling down and smash our TP. There's nothing more satisfaction than that. Seeing your research, your
analysis, your preparation played out perfectly. This is what it means to trade with precision
like an institution. That is why we call it the institutional precision entry model. So before we end
here today, like I said, I don't want your money. I want you to become a better trader. So I really
want to share with you brutally honest, unfiltered advice that I wish my younger self knew, right? Like
this is what I personally would tell to 18 year old Brad when he started day trading. The first piece of
advice is if you cannot explain your trade idea in three sentences to a 10 year old, then you don't have
one. Simplicity is the highest form of intellect. And I mean exactly what I said right here. If you cannot
explain your trading strategy, your trade idea, your investment idea in three sentences,
in like a fifth grade level, then you really don't have one, right? A lot of trading gurus,
they like to make shit complicated. But in reality, it's because they don't understand it enough.
So that is how I can pretty much just simplify all of these complicated trading concepts into like
usually just three sentences, just three steps. It's because of the fact that I've been doing this
shit for so goddamn long and I have such a deep understanding in whatever that I teach.
And also because of the fact that I practice what I preach every damn day.
Next is don't take advice from people who sell advice for a living unless they are punished for
being wrong. Gurus without skin in the game overcomplicate to keep you confused and buying.
Real educators, real professionals simplify because they actually have a deep understanding about the craft.
What I'm talking about is the guru who rented the Lamborghini for the day. The guy who show you his
crypto portfolio and thinks that he is a mentor because he got lucky doing the Bitcoin bull run.
The only fans trick which is flexing about, you know, how much money you have made from crypto,
when in reality, it really all comes down to like pure luck. These people, they have no skin in the game.
You know, they have, they have just been trading for three months and now they think they can
freaking sell a course, right? So do not take advice from people who actually sell advice for a living
unless they are punished for being wrong. Because you must understand that at the basic level of human
psychology, all humans want to do things for self-interest. Like the reason why they sell you advice
is because of the fact that they got something to sell you and they want your money, right? So the only
people that actually become rich through this sort of like content or through this sort of like
bullshit marketing is them. It's not going to be you. So you're much better off listening to people who
actually have like a profitable track record and can actually simplify things in like a free grid level
because that really shows that they really understand what they are talking about.
And next, this is a controversial belief. But I believe that a trading strategy is like an
asshole. Everybody has one. The hard part isn't making a strategy. Anybody, any trader under the sun
have a trading strategy. The hard part is sticking to it when it stops working temporarily
and having the patience to follow it long enough to prove it does. The hard part is sticking to the
strategy after a massive losing streak, after a massive drawdown, where every ounce of the being
is convincing you, telling you, persuading you to just neglect your trade plan. In that particular
case, if you can continue following your strategy, then you have a proven strategy. Then you actually
have an edge. And also having the patience to follow it long enough to prove it does.
Just because you want one trade, just because you want three trades, five trades, 50 trades,
doesn't mean that your strategy works. There's two things, data and time. You need to gather a lot,
a lot, an insurmountable of data. I'm talking about 100 trades. I'm talking about 500 trades. I'm talking
about 1000 trades before you can actually prove that it works. And you also need a lot of time. You need
your strategy to stand the test of time because it's one thing for the strategy to work for one day
or one month or one year, but it's another thing for you to work for the next five years, the next 10 years.
And last but not least, consistency beats intelligence in trading. Stop trying to outsmart the market
because that will never happen. You will never ever win the market. The market is always right.
Instead, start focusing on executing your edge consistently. To me, my goal is to make money.
No doubts. I want to make money. But that's not my job. And you don't confuse your job with your goal.
My goal is to make money. But my job is to execute the best trade in accordance with my trading plan.
And if you go in with that mentality, you can never ever lose. Because now you're not attaching your
self-worth to your P&L, but rather you're attaching your self-worth to your ability to execute,
your ability to follow your trading plan religiously, your ability to stay disciplined,
to stay calm under adverse situations. So remember, stop trying to outsmart the market
and start focusing on just executing your plan consistently. And ironically, when you do that,
you can eventually outsmart the market. So that's pretty much all the unfiltered advice
that I have for you. I will just end off this video with this quote that I have written when
I was on a trading retreat. The world belongs to the optimist who can do boring, repetitive work
for an extended period of time without needing any external validation or immediate results.
Anyone can grind when they are motivated or praised, or they're inspired. But very few can grind when
nobody's watching. And the people who can work harder, 10 times harder when nobody's watching
are the ones that usually win. Because you are rewarded in public for the work done in private.
Nowadays, you see me, you know, making six figures every single month from day trading. But what you
fail to see is the thousands of hours that I spend trading, journaling, recording, reviewing, refining my
trading plan, reiterating the trading plan, the moments of doubt where I feel like quitting,
the sleepless nights where I'm obsessed over what I've done wrong, and the times where I felt like
giving up. Those are what you don't see. You only see the highlight rails. But just always remember,
if you can be your biggest fan, even when nobody else is rooting for you, nobody is clapping for you,
you will eventually win. You will eventually win if you just maniacally focus on the accomplishment of
one goal, one thing, and just ignore everything else. And just stay on that path, and just continue
to walk that path, regardless of whatever shit the world throws at you, you'll eventually win.
And as always, remember, you're just one thread away.
