So you want to become a profitable trader in 2025, but you are still copying random strategies
online, which clearly don't work. So in this video, I'm going to reveal to you a simple and proven
mechanical trading strategy that's allowed me and my students to make hundreds of thousands
of dollars last year. Like Amir here who made over $50,000 or even Ali who made 10k from risking
only 200 bucks or even Carl who made 4.5k scalping in less than an hour after he understood this one
strategy that I'm about to share with you. So what we have on the screen right now is the simplified
mechanical trade plan on the right hand side and the charts on the left hand side. So usually when
I'm marking on my charts, I'm going to be having the trade plan open right next to my chart so that
I can just refer to it and ensure that I go through the checklist inside the trade plan itself.
And if there's a trade that meets the criteria, I'll take the trade. And if there's no opportunities,
then I'll just stay out of the market. It's really important that you have some form of structure in
your trading because if you want to get consistent profits, you need to have consistent actions.
So having a mechanical trade plan just like this allows me to trade with confidence without
guesswork or emotions whatsoever. So first of all, when we look at this chart on EURUSD,
understand that for this simple strategy, we are only going to be using one time frame and that is
the 15 minute time frame. So you can see the first step right here is to identify the 15 minute
structure and the trend, right? So we know that price went down, pull back and then goes down there
and break past that last swing low that we have right here, giving us a bearish break of structure
to the downside. Now, once we got this bearish break of structure, this is where we can identify
our 15 minute swing high and our 15 minute swing low, right? So this is the 15 minute swing high,
because this is the highest point that led to the break of structure, okay? So this will be our new 15
minute swing low right here. So in a now trend just like this, we are expecting price to break past the
low, right? Just continue creating lower highs and lower lows. So right now, we have identified our 15
minute structure. We know that price is bearish and right now, since price has just created a break of
structure, we are anticipating price to start pulling back. Now, based on this, where is price
going to pull back to? Okay. It's most likely going to pull back to some form of discount and premium
pricing. Okay. So let me just change this order right here in the checklist. There we go. So in a
downtrend, we are expecting price to pull back to the premium pricing and in uptrend, we are expecting
price to pull back to a discount pricing. So now let me just draw the premium and discount from the swing
high to the swing low, just like this. And you can see right here, this is the premium pricing and
this is the discount pricing. So as usual, we are expecting price to pull back into this premium
pricing since price in the downtrend. And then this is where more sellers will step into the market and
cause price to go down even further. So at this point of time, we are still waiting to see what
price does. We are still waiting for price to pull back to the premium pricing. You can see price
just consolidating right here and eventually it starts making that massive pullback into the premium
pricing. Okay. So we check off the second box right here. Now, the third step is to determine
where is the available liquidity, right? So I'm looking at this swing range right here. We know
that there is available liquidity above every swing high and below every swing low. And in the downtrend,
just like this, we are looking for available liquidity above the swing highs to be swept.
So based on this, we saw that price went down, pulls back and then goes down even further, right?
So this just tell us that there is available liquidity above this swing high itself. So that
is why I put a liquidity indicator right there to tell me that right now, price could potentially
come up there and swept the available liquidity above this high before it actually goes down. Okay.
So based on this, we can also draw our supply zones. So this is a supply zone by itself because at this
point of time, large amount of supplies step into the market. And then there is also an extreme
supply zone that we have right here. Okay. So this extreme supply zone right here is really the last
line of defense because it's also our 15 minutes strong high, right? So this zone has to hold in
order for price to remain bearish. Okay. So now we know that there is available liquidity above this high.
An additional step would be to look on the left hand side to see where the price shipped liquidity
previously, right? So if I look towards the left hand side right here, I saw that price went up,
pulls back, goes up, pulls back again, and then goes up, pulls back, and then eventually goes up there
and then does like a sharp down move, right? Have like a sharp V-shaped reaction just like this.
And this is where we saw price sweeping the available liquidity from these highs
right here before we get a strong move to the downside. And that strong move led to a break of
structure, right? So based on this, I know that this right here, price has already swept the
available liquidity above these highs and then supply step into the market and cost price to go
down just like this. So this is not just an ordinary supply zone. This is a high property zone
because it swept liquidity, right? So we have determined where the available liquidity is
right here, which means when price actually comes up and approaches into this particular supply zone,
we want to see this liquidity to be swept first, right? And just as expected, price did not hold at
this supply zone whatsoever. Because once again, this is where all the retail traders who enter for
sell right here, place the stop loss above these highs right here. So remember, smart money needs
some form of liquidity before the real move can actually happen. Okay, so now this zone has been
demolished. Price has came up here and swept the available liquidity that we have above this swing high.
This is where price has entered into our high property supply zone that swept liquidity, right?
So this is a high property zone. Remember, we want to preserve our capital for the high property
zones. We don't want to take trades at low property zones. We don't want to waste our hard-earned money
on low-quality setups which do not work whatsoever. We want to trade at a high property
zone and trade with precision. So the minute price entered into the 15-minute high property zone that
swept liquidity, what you could have done is that you could have placed like a sell limit order right
here. Okay, just like a sell limit order right here at the edge of the zone itself. And then in that case,
you will place your stock loss above the zone. And then for your take profit, you just place it at
3R, right? So you target 3R just like this. Okay, very, very simple trade, right? So if you just go back
by one candlestick bar, you can see the minute price step into this zone, you place your entry limit
order right here. You are in to the trade, right? So at this point of time, boom, you are triggered into
the trade right here. And then price just starts going in your way. And just like this, you've
gotten out of the trade within like 30 minutes or so. You have closed the trade with a 3R profit.
Literally as simple as that. And just like that, we have went through all five boxes, right? And that's
really how you carry out this entire trade process. Okay? So another bonus tip would be to actually go
down to the 5-minute to refine your zone if you want, right? So based on this, you can see, right,
how we drop this 15-minute supply zone was that we took this entire range that we have right here.
But if you go down to the 15-minute timeframe, you could probably refine this range right here to like
this particular candle but itself, right? So if you do that, right, look at this. You have gotten like
a much better risk to reward. And this is really how we get those sniper entries by going down to the
lower timeframe and refining the zone, making the zone even tighter so that your stop loss is also
tighter as well, right? So yeah, that's that. So now, what's next, right? What's next? Before I go
and show you more examples, I want to explain to you what are the rules that we have inside this
simplified trade plan. So this is the trade process right here, which I've already explained to you.
And this is the trade management rules that we have, which states that we are taking full take profit at
3R itself, okay? And we are also going for the set and forget method. That means we are not trailing
our stop loss. We are not moving our stop loss. We are not taking partial profits whatsoever.
Once we enter for the trade, we place our stop loss, we place our take profit. We just let it run,
right? We trust our analysis. And if you look at this trade plan right here, the last thing that we
have is our capital management rules. It's imperative that we have some form of rules to
actually protect our downside, to protect our capital, right? So that we can actually reduce
our losses. Just by reducing your losses, you are already halfway there to becoming a consistently
profitable trader. So our capital management rule states that we are only going to be risking 1% of our
total capital per trade. So if we have $100,000 in our capital, that is where we will only be
risking $1,000 on each trade, right? So based on this, I will go on to a lot size calculator and
determine what is the correct position size that I should be using based on my stop loss and based
on my risk per trade. The next rule is max 3 losses per day, right? By having some form of max loss rule,
this prevents me from over trading or revenge trading. Because the last thing you want is for you to lose
one time and you start getting angry at the market, you start punching your monitor and the next thing
you know, you enter another lousy trade and you lose even more money and you feel even more angry
and you just go into this downward spiral of revenge trading and over trading. So set a rule to limit the
amount of losses that you can incur per day. So for me, that's 3 losses, right? Which means I essentially
have 3 bullets per day, right? So I have 3 trade opportunities per day. If I trade 3 times and I
lose all 3 times, I'm done trading for the day itself. I'm going to be closing the laptop, I'm
going to be going to the gym, going for a walk in the park, or I don't know, just sit down there and
watch Netflix or something if that's what you like. Now, I also have a rule that says that my stop loss has
to be minimum 2 pips, right? So it cannot be less than 2 pips. The reason being when you are scalping,
right? When you are participating in high frequency trades, right? You're entering on the lower time
frames and that is where you can have like this insane stop loss. Like for example, right here,
if I entered on a 1 minute time frame, I place my stop loss like this, right? When it's so goddamn tight,
you must be very, very careful. Because remember, there is a spread, there is a bid and ask spread
that you actually pay to the broker when you actually enter into the trade itself, right? So
by having like a minimum 2 pips stop loss, this takes into account the bid and ask spread as well,
right? To ensure that I don't get stopped out because the broker is being stupid. So yeah, for the
love of God, give your stop loss at least a little bit of breathing room, make it at least 2 pips.
And as for the pairs that I'm trading, I'm going to be trading the most commonly traded pairs,
EU, AU and GU. And as for the time, this is in Singapore time, but this is actually the London
session or the New York session itself, right? So if there's no opportunity in the London session,
sometimes I will trade during the New York session. So yeah, that's pretty much the entire
simplified mechanical trade plan. Now, let me show you some more examples. Now, after you have got out of
this trade right here, what I'm going to do is that I'm going to erase this and I'm going to start
re-evaluating the situation, right? So I'll probably just get rid of all these little drawings that we
have right here because I have chart OCD because yeah, I'm just a tidy freak. All right. So yeah,
let's see price goes down. Okay. Price goes down. Boom. There we have, what do we have? We got another
break of structure to the downside. Now, the minute this actually happens, that is where we know that,
what is price going to do right now? Price is going to start pulling back, right? And once price
starts pulling back, that is where we can identify, once again, our 15-minute swing high
right here, and then also our 15-minute swing low, okay? So you can see, just by having this
mechanical trade plan, you have so much structure in your analysis, in your top process, right? So
based on this, we saw that, okay, that's the first step, identify 15-minute structure and trend.
Cool. Now price is starting to pull back, right? Price starting to pull back. That is where,
where do we want price to pull back to actually? We want price to pull back to our discount and
premium pricing. Okay. So based on this, I'll probably mark up my premium discount from this high
to this low right here. Just waiting for price to pull back to the premium discount.
There we go. Okay. There we go. The minute price pull back into the premium discount,
just like this. The minute it crossed above the equilibrium right here, this is where I can just
check the second box. Third step is to determine where is the available liquidity. Once again, right
here. Look towards the left-hand side right here. What do we have? Price goes down, pulls back, goes down,
pulls back, and then goes down even further, right? So there is swing highs right here. So we know that
there is available liquidity above this high itself. Okay. So based on this, we can also identify that
there is also our supply zone right here. And then there is also our extreme supply zone. Same as that,
the previous scenario that we have right here. And as usual, we are not going to be expecting this
near zone to hold because this zone right here is just for price to smash right through it to grab
available liquidity above these highs before price could potentially come into this extreme zone.
And then we got the real move to the downside itself. Okay. So let me just remove that once
again. Okay. So that is where we can check off the third box. Now, the fourth step is to enter at a
15-minute high property zone that swept liquidity, right? So if we look towards the left-hand side,
did this zone swept liquidity? Yes, it did. Because what happens is that price goes down,
pulls back, goes down, pulls back, goes down. Available liquidity is being built up above this
highs right here. Forgive my ugly drawing, but you get the point. Before price comes up there,
sweep all the available liquidity above this highs right here before we got a sharp down move,
that sharp V-shaped reaction, which we love. So based on this, we know that this is our 15-minute
high property zone that swept liquidity, right? It's a high property zone, baby. So it's time to go.
All right. It's time to go. That is where we want to place our entry limit order, right? Place our sell
limit order at the edge of the zone itself, place our stop loss above this zone, and then place our TP
at 3R, right? Potentially 3R right here. Or in this case, I'll probably just target like right here at this
last swing low right here because we're expecting price to take out this swing low as well.
Okay. Now, you can see this is one of those scenarios where the stop loss could be a little
bit wide, right? So this is where you can really jump down to the 5-minute and refine the zone,
right? So in this case, I'll probably just refine the zone to like this particular candlestick like this,
and I'll place it at the edge of the zone itself, right? So how I usually refine the zone is that I just
refine it from the entire range to that one single pivot candle that led to that down move.
Okay. So based on this, let's see what happens next. You can see right here, price come up there,
tap us into the zone right here, tap us into the trade right here, and let's just see what price
does. Eventually, price comes down, collapsing, and boom, smash our TP as simple as that, guys.
And in this case, this is a 1-4-hour trade, right? So yeah, based on this, you can see we are not
utilizing multiple timeframes like we usually do. We are just using one timeframe. And just having
this simple five-step process, it keeps things simple, keeps things mechanical, and most importantly,
profitable. Okay. So as usual, once again, after I got out of this trade right here, just gonna clean
up the drawings, re-evaluate the entire situation. And right now, we saw that there was another break
of structure to the downside, right? So as you guys know, right here, we are just trading with
the trend, right? We are not looking for counter trend trade setups. We are not trying to buy in
a downtrend. We are just trading with the trend itself. Okay. So once again, just restart this
entire process. That is why these check boxes are so useful because once you are done, you can just
uncheck them and then you can just redo the entire process. Okay. So you can see right here, this one was
a very sharp one. So you can see this one was a very, very fast one. If you are too slow, you have
missed it. All right. So let's just go back a little bit right here and see what exactly happened.
Okay. So based on this, price goes down, pulls back, goes down, pulls back, goes down, pulls back.
So based on this, we saw that there was like a little downward trend line, right? And we know that
when there is a trend line just like this, that it's just available liquidity being built up. Because
what happens is that all retail traders, they are trading the trend line. They are selling right here,
placing a stop loss above this high, selling here, placing a stop loss above this high. So there's a lot of
available liquidity above all these highs right here. And then based on this, we saw that this
is our extreme supply zone. Once again, that swept liquidity on the left hand side. And then this was
that, that available liquidity, right? So based on this, we are waiting for price to pull back to the
premium discount right there. And this is that particular zone that we want to enter on. And bam,
you can see, boom, this is why you got to be quick. You got to be fast. You got to think on your feet,
right? The minute you got out of the trade, just clean up everything and re-evaluate the entire
situation, right? Don't sit there and celebrate. No, no, no. You got to keep going, bro. You got to
make as much money as possible. So at this point of time, boom, you could have easily been tapped into
this trade right here. Sell limit order at the edge of the zone itself. TP3R right here. Boom.
Another day, another W. Another day, another trade. Another trade, another W. Within 30 minutes itself,
you just hit 3R just like this. So yeah, if you want to download this mechanical trade plan,
you can download it for completely free. Just click the link in the description. It's actually like a
notion template so you can just copy it over to your notion. So yeah, for those brokers who think
that market mechanics don't work or market mechanics is just a random trading strategy
that I put out of my ass. I'm never going to say anything. Just look at this. So yeah, once again,
guys, like this strategy has been back-tested, forward-tested multiple times. It's not some
random trading strategy that I found online. No, I spent the past five years in the markets
engineering this trading strategy, this market mechanics trading strategy. And trust me when I
say that, it's proven to be working. And the only reason I can be so confident in my trade plan is
because I have countless of spreadsheets of data that actually prove the fact that this trading strategy
works. That is why when I go on to the charts and I trade, I can just execute trades without
hesitation, reservation, or fear. I'm not sitting there thinking, should I enter for this trade?
Maybe I should wait more first. No. I see my opportunity. Boom. Get it in. Boom. Get it out. As
simple as that. So 2025 is here. I want to give you a quick pep talk before we end this video. Before we
start, I just want you to go down to the comments right now and comment down below. 2025 is my trading
year. Just go and comment it below. And I want you to just really, really sit there, close your eyes,
and believe it. Shout it out if you need to. 2025 is my trading year. It's going to be my greatest
trading year yet. It's the year where I decide enough is enough. I'm done with losing. I'm done
with blowing accounts. I'm going to get my shit together. I'm going to become a consistently
profitable trader. I'm going to show up every single day without fail, put in the work, and get after my
goals. I'm going to be relentless in the pursuit of my goals. 2025 is your year, guys. Now, listen,
I just came back from a vacation with my family. You know, what's the best part about that vacation
is when my dad told me, hey, son, you know, I've traveled so many countries when I was young,
but I've never once stayed in a five-star hotel. I've never ate at a fancy restaurant before. I've
never got the opportunity to enjoy such luxuries in my entire life. But now I do thanks to you.
When my father said that to me, that is where I realized, damn, it makes everything worth it.
All the late nights, all the early mornings, every single time that I felt like giving up
because I blew my 10th account, it makes everything worth it. That's what I want you to experience
for yourself. At the end of this year, I want your mom, your dad, your kids to look at you
and tell you that they are proud of you. I don't care about how many cars you're going to buy at the
end of this year or how many mentions or how much different watches you're going to buy. No,
no, no. At the end of the day, nothing matters. What matters is you do everything within your power
to make your family proud.
So yeah, that's my goal for you for 2025. I want you to really sit there and think about what is that
strong, compelling reason that will get you out of the bed. Because when the times get tough,
when you start encountering losing streaks, when you start looking at the market and start getting
analysis practices and you can't seem to find a way out, I want you to think back about this strong,
compelling reason. Because if you have that strong, compelling reason, no amount of hardships or
obstacles or challenges will hold you back from achieving your goals. You will do everything
it takes. You will do whatever it takes. So yeah, for me personally, like I said,
for the past five years or so, my strong, compelling why was to retire my father. And just last year
alone, I managed to do that. And that was, hands down, my best accomplishment in my entire life.
And I did it because of trading. Nobody handed me shit. No, no, no. I did it. I built everything brick by brick.
I was disciplined enough to follow my goddamn trading plan. I was persevering. And I never once thought
about giving up even when my friends, my family told me that I couldn't do it. That's the mentality
that you need to embody in 2025. So like I said, 2025 is that year where you say that enough is enough.
It's time to go all in. It's time to just leave everything behind, right?
Oh, why can't you come and drink with us on a Friday night? Because I'm trying to get it.
Oh, Brad, why are you being like a loner, just chilling at home, starting trading? Because I'm trying to get it.
Oh, Brad, you know, like maybe you should just be an average teenager for once, because I'm trying to get it.
That was my mentality for the past five years. And that's what I need you to have.
So yeah, let's make 2025 your greatest trading year. Stop making the stupid beginner mistakes that you've
always been doing. Like I say, if you want consistent profits, you better be consistent
when it comes to your actions. Because the truth is the market is random. Trading is a property game.
You cannot control how much money you make on each trade, but you can control what you do. You can
control which trades to take and which trades not to take. You can control what lot size to use.
You can control how many trades you take. Focus on things that are within your control.
And that is your actions. Because like I said, if you can start being consistent,
when it comes to your own actions, you're aligned with, you have like a professional trading mindset.
You are journaling your trades. You are reviewing your trade setups. You are backtesting your forward
testing. It's only a matter of time until you become consistently profitable. But you will not
get there if you are still trading like a goddamn noob with the retail trader. You are still making
stupid beginner trader mistakes. You are still over trading, revenge trading or searching for YouTube
for free best 100% win rate trading strategy. Then you're just stupid. All right. Because, bro, like,
I'm just going to be completely frank with you. Just follow traders who are successful. If you follow
what they do every single day, you will eventually become successful as well. Right? Why try to like
experiment with all these different trading strategies when I'm already showing you what
already works based on five years of trading experience, based on countless of backtesting and
forward testing. I've done the hard work for you. I've lost a shit ton of money and I knew all these
different trading strategies which don't work. And now I'm only showing you what works.
Right? So get locked in for 2025. No distractions whatsoever. Put your blindness on and really focus
on mastering the skill set of trading because when you do, man, life is going to be great. That's all
I gotta say. Life is going to be great. Life is awesome right now. So yeah, master trading and be rich
when you are young because it's 10 times more fun to be rich when you're young than being that 50 year
old guy who sits in his Ferrari. So yeah, what I'm going to do now is that I've included like a 58
minutes free trading masterclass. Link in the description. Inside that video, I teach you how
to master trading step by step in 2025. Just follow all the instructions in that particular video and
trust me, you will become profitable at the end of 2025. And then you can thank me later. All right. So as
always, remember you're just one trade away.
