Hi, my name is Brad Goh. My family came from the slums of China and extreme poverty, and right now
I'm a million L at age of 21. As crazy as how that story sounds, I'm a true testament of a
rags to riches story. And basically in this video, I want to talk about what I wish I knew when I
started trading. You see, for the past 4 years of my trading journey, I made over 6 figures.
And right now, I'm on my way to scale my trading account to 7 figures and beyond.
And hopefully, I get to $10 million by the age of 30. So I believe you can say I knew a thing or two
about trading. If you don't believe, I'm wearing a $200,000 watch from Patek Philippe. And I don't
know if this is like a proof of my trading profits or it's just because I want validation from
strangers because I got bullied and I was insecure as a kid. Anyways, yeah, this is going to be raw
and unedited, unfiltered. So you can kind of get a sense of basically everything I knew about trading
at a very young age. So I got introduced into Forex trading back in 2020 during the COVID-19
pandemic. And I was just learning how to trade based on support and resistance levels, trend lines,
chart patterns, you know, all the retail trading concepts that I believe you guys are very familiar
with. In fact, I actually teach them on my channel or I used to do so. And the funny thing is, if you
sort my videos by the oldest on my YouTube channel, you can literally go back in time. You can see me
making like my first $110 or something from trading a double top chart pattern. Like if you don't
believe me, you can just sort my videos by the oldest and you can just see that video.
So I pretty much documented my entire trading journey from the start to basically where I am
right now. So I'm a, I guess I have, I can prove that I have skin in the game, right? I have skin in
the game. And you should never ever believe any traders who have absolutely no skin in the game.
You know, those freaking wankers who just show their profits, even though they have been trading
for what, six months. And that is a goddamn demo account. And right now they are flexing their
Rolls Royce that they just rented for 1000 bucks a day, which I make in a day. Yes, I make that
amount in a day right now. Anyways, my main thing, like the first thing I want you guys to take away
from this video, it's a very important concept because this is really what caused me to have like
that paradigm shift in terms of trading and looking at the markets. And that is I completely
abandoned the retail trading concepts. I completely stopped trading support and resistance, trendlines,
chart patterns, and all these stupid retail concepts. The thing is this things, right? If you look at
everywhere on the internet, they will teach you these things when you are just starting out.
Why? Because what if I tell you that these things, these chart patterns or support and resistance
levels, they are literally created to bait retail traders into the market. Example, you see a support
level right there and then you enter for a buy. And guess what? You are essentially acting as a
liquidity point for smart money to actually grab the liquidity and reverse the entire market up
to fuel their large existing positions. Okay, I'm not going to talk too much about liquidity in this
lesson. If you want, I got like a tons of videos on my YouTube channel, which you can check it out.
But basically, the first thing I did was to really abandon all the retail trading concepts.
Or rather, that is really what gave me the aha moment. You know, the moment that actually turned me
into a profitable trader who trades like a professional. So once I actually started abandoning all the
retail trading concepts, I moved on to start learning about the things that truly allow the
market to move, how price truly operates. And that's basically things like your market structure,
your institutional supply and demand, your liquidity concepts, right? I believe that these three are the
core fundamentals when it comes to profitable trading. And that is what I teach my students
inside the 1% Club. Right now, hundreds of students have gotten consistent profits, increased their
win-win, increased their risk throughout ratio, and was able to trade with precision and gain extreme
clarity in the market. And that's because of these three main fundamental concepts. And once again,
I have nothing to sell you here. I'm not going to force you to buy my $997 cost or nothing, right?
I'm just saying that this is something that I have. And if you want to get coached by me,
you can check out the 1% Club. I'm not going to force you to. So once I really abandoned the retail
trading concepts, I was finally really able to figure out how the market really works. And it's
not based on stupid chart patterns, right? You have to understand why the market moved the way
it moved. And it comes down to things like order flow and supply and demand, order blocks, and
basically understanding where smart money have entered into the market because they are the ones
that actually control the market and figuring out where they are going to enter into the market again.
That is your leverage. That is your edge in the market. If you can figure out exactly when smart
money have entered into the market and where they are going to enter again, and you'll get in when
they enter again, that is how you make the big bucks. That is how you leverage the large move that
is fueled by them. Because remember, we retail traders, we are small fishers in the ocean, and we're
not going to do anything, like any sort of thing to move the markets. We have absolutely no power.
We are brokies. We are peasants compared to them. Truly, if you think about it,
it's not just in the markets. The elites control the world. If they control the world,
no shit, they're going to control the markets as well. So if we can figure out how to trade
smart money as a collective, then we can stand a chance inside this market, inside this zero-sum
game where someone else loses and someone wins. And we want to be the winners, right? We are tired of
being losers. So yeah, start trading smart money. That's like the first tip that I wish I knew when
I started trading. And the second tip that I wish I knew is to focus on the R multiple rather than
money. What I mean by that is that like, when you go onto social media and you see all these trading
gurus flexing their profits. Some of them made 30k last night. Some mother effers made 100k last
night. And you're over there on your Meta Trader 4 and all you see is red. All you see is that you
are on a losing streak. And your mind is telling you, you are a shit trader compared to these gurus.
And maybe that is true, right? Maybe that is true. I'm not going to deny it and lie to your face,
but maybe that is true. Maybe you are a shit trader who don't really understand how the market
operates. Well, then you can start by learning how to trade like smart money. Then mix. My point
here is that when you focus on the R multiple instead of the money, you kind of detach yourself
from the outcome. And you are able to focus on the process. And by focusing on the process,
you are able to get better as a trader. Because the thing about trading is that the moment you start
focusing on the money rather than the process, rather than getting good as a trader, is the moment
that you lose everything. The moment you stop focusing on the money and you start shifting
your focus back to the process, focus on executing your edge, focus on using the correct risk,
focus on following your plan and leveling up your mindset as a trader, is the moment you start getting
better as a trader. You might not make a lot of money when you make that mindset shift, right?
You might make even lesser money than you're used to. But what happens here is that your energy
shift. Because right now, you know that you're working hard at the charts and eventually the
market will reward you. Eventually, it might not be now, it might not be 10 days from now or one
month from now, but eventually the market will reward you for your discipline, your patience and
your hard work. So, stop focusing on the money, focus on the R multiple. And what that means is
to focus on how much risk are you putting out in order to get back that amount of return. Like I said,
all the trading gurus with like their large amount of profits they'll see on Instagram, right?
Do you look at their lot size? If you compare their lot size to the amount of money they have in
their account, they're over-leveraging or they are just completely stupid. They are using like a 40 lot
size on like a, let's say a 50k account. They're over-leveraging. They are using a lot size that is
way too big for their account. And yes, they might make such big wins, right? As they swing for the
fences. But then, have they show you their losses? Have they show you how much money they lose on a
single trade? They might make 40k on a trade. But then, if they lose 50k, 60k on a trade, they are
not profitable. They are not truly consistently profitable. And that's the truth that they are
hiding from you, right? For me, I've never hid the truth. I've always shed my losses, shed my wins,
go through the uncut trading episodes. You will see, if I make money, I make about $12,000 or $5,000.
But when I lose, I lose incredibly small. I lose about $1,000, $2,000 maximum.
And that is why I always focus on the R-multiple. Because I know for a fact that I'm not looking
at the money. I'm not looking at how much the profits can like buy for me, like how much things
the profits can buy for me. Just because I'm up $5,000 doesn't mean that I'm going to go out there
and buy a new car, right? I'm focusing on the R-multiple. I'm thinking about, okay, I'm risking 1%
to make 5%. Is that a smart risk-to-reward decision? Yes, then take the goddamn trade.
If I'm risking 1% to make 0.5%, that's extremely stupid. Then I won't be taking that trade,
right? It's about thinking of every single trade that you take as an intelligent risk-to-reward
decision. By really focusing on the R-multiple. And another benefit that you get from this is that
you start getting detached from the money. Like I said, when you focus on the process,
you naturally make more money. Because you are getting better as a trader, you're getting more
clarity when it comes to analyzing the markets. You are able to trade with much more precision
because you are able to refine your entries and your exits. Rather than just focusing on how much
money this trade can make you. And when you get detached from the money, guess what? You make more
money. This doesn't just apply in the markets. It applies in life too, right? Whatever you chase
runs away. You need to focus on becoming the person that can attract wealth, attract whatever
you want in life, rather than continuously chasing it. I only became a profitable trader when, like I
said, I shifted my focus to the process. And right now, I'm detached, completely detached from money.
I can be up 10k and you can sit right across me and I won't even be smiling. I'll just be like
maintaining like a straight face like this. I can be down 10k. Same thing. I won't be smiling. I'll
be maintaining like a robotic poker face like I have right now. So focus on the R-multiple rather than
money. That's the second tip and that is a very essential tip that you guys can use to actually
become like a professional trader. Right. Really, this whole video is really about making you guys
a professional trader and teaching you guys the thing that I wish I knew when I started trading
because it took me like what? 3 years of losing money. I literally went through lots of trials
and tribulations. I had to figure everything out by myself. I had absolutely no mentor. All I did was to
buy a bunch of trading courses and started my ass off and just continuously back test and front test
and trade on my life account to eventually figure out what works and what doesn't work. And then I
just did more of what works and I stopped doing what doesn't work. That's all I did to become a
profitable trader. And as simple as that sound, no, it didn't. It wasn't this simple. I lost over $10,000
in my first year of trading and I blew over 10 accounts. So believe me when I say that, I understand
how you feel right now. Whether you are a losing trader or you are a trader who is struggling to
find profitability in the markets and you are always getting stopped out or you are a complete
beginner who have absolutely no idea how to trade. Or you might be an advanced trader but you want to
take your trading to the next level. That is why you are watching this video right now. That's why
I tell you that I know exactly what you have felt. Whatever you have felt so far in your entire trading
journey, I've felt the same thing. Whatever mistakes that you have made so far in your trading
journey, I've made the same exact mistakes. You revenge trade, so do I. You trade based on FOMO
because you see this large candlestick and you just get so tempted to get into the trade, so have I.
Every single person will go through these mistakes when they are trading. So I'm just telling you that
you are not alone, right? We all have went through those mistakes. But what happens is that whether you
persevere through these mistakes and eventually find the light at the end of the tunnel. And that
is what this video is about. Helping you get to the end point faster. Helping you find the light at
the end of the tunnel faster. Just visualize this. Like this is the tunnel and you're walking through
the tunnel. You are struggling to find any light. It's completely dark. You can't see shit. And right here,
I'm holding the light. I'm holding a touch light at the end of the tunnel. And right now, I'm just
helping you, guiding you, and just making you faster to become profitable faster, so much faster
than I did. If you can watch this video and implement whatever I've taught you so far in
this video, or whether everything in this video, you will become profitable one or two years faster
than I did. I can guarantee you that. But that only comes when you apply whatever I've teach you so far.
So the next tip that I have for you is to really become desensitized to big numbers.
You see, in order to scale your trading account, to go from $1,000 to managing $10,000 in your
trading capital, or even $100K, or even $1 million, you need to become desensitized to money and
completely have absolutely no meaning towards money. What I mean by that is that if you cannot manage
$10,000, you cannot manage $100,000, then you won't be able to manage $1,000. If I give you a
$100,000 trading account right now, you will be completely shocked like this. Because you still
haven't get to the stage where you are completely desensitized to money. You still look at profits
as, holy shit, that's my entire paycheck right there. Holy shit, I'm up like $5,000. That's my
entire paycheck right there. Holy shit, I'm down $1,000. That's my monthly rental. That's my monthly
bills. You still look at money in that way. If you continue looking at money in that way,
you will never get to the point where you are able to scale your trading account to six figures,
or even seven figures. Because once you reach the point where you are managing not just $10,000,
but you're managing $100,000, that is when your emotions really start kicking in. Because right
now, when you are up, you can be making $10,000. And when you're down, you could be losing $2,000 or
something like that if you are following proper risk management rules. So the only way to truly scale
your trading account and to really make those big bucks is really becoming desensitized to big
numbers. You need to be completely just detached from big numbers. You have to look at the profits
on your MetaTrader 4 and tell yourself that this is just numbers on the screen. And then go back to
focusing on R-multiple. That is how you truly win in the long haul. Now, I think this is the biggest
shift in my opinion to really become desensitized to big numbers. Because once I was able to make
that shift, I started scaling my account from $50,000 to $100,000. And right now, I'm on my way
to actually start managing a $1 million trading account. And like I said, big numbers require some
big balls. So I need you to actually go down there and grab the balls right now. And actually tell
yourself or ask yourself whether you have what it takes to handle a big trading account. If you don't,
then you need to start small. Start small, build consistency, and then start becoming desensitized
to whatever you see on the screen. A lot of people always ask me, hey Brad, what advice do you have
for small account traders? How can I grow my trading account as fast as possible and flip it from like
$500 to $10,000? And I always say, use a small account as a practice account. Practice so that
you get a sense of what it feels like to trade a live account. Because if you can manage a small
$100 or $1,000 account, and you focus on the R-multiple, that means you're risking 1% on each
trade over and over again. And then eventually, even if I give you $1,000 account or $100,000 account,
you're still focusing on risking 1%. And 1% will always be 1%. It will never change. What changes
is the numbers on the screen. The profits, how big it gets now. But then the risk is always the same.
You are still doing the same thing you are doing right now as what you were doing three years ago
when you were managing $100. Right now, it's just that you have a larger trading capital.
And right now, it's all about staying consistent to your risk, your process, and just refining your
edge. And the next thing I really want to talk about is the importance of journaling.
If I have just one thing that I really made a huge benefit inside my entire trading journey,
and it's also the one thing that I hate to do the most, that is journaling. Come on, let's be honest.
Nobody likes journaling. Who the hell likes to write in a goddamn book after you've just lost like
$1,000, $5,000? Nobody likes to do that. Everybody just want to maybe go eat ice cream to make them
feel better about themselves, to make them feel like they are less shitty. When in reality,
you are still as shit as you were before. You're still making the same old goddamn mistakes that you were
doing one year ago, six months ago. And you wonder why you struggle to find consistent profitability.
Journaling is extremely hard. I'm not going to sugarcoat it.
It's easy to journal when you are rational. It's easy to journal a win. It's easy to journal
when you are feeling like you're on top of the wall right now, when you are going through a winning
streak. It's extremely difficult to journal after a losing streak. It's extremely difficult to confront
your cold hard losses and look at them in the eyes and tell you, okay, I need to learn something
from you. What are you trying to teach me, buddy? What are you trying to teach me? It's hard to do
that. But that is what it takes to become a professional trader that wins and makes money
consistently. Right? That is truly what it takes. I have literally like nothing else to add when it
comes to like the biggest edge that you can get over your competition is to journal. Like I said,
not many traders journal. Not many traders can actually confront their mistakes and look at them
in terms of lessons. But if you can do that, then that is when you can make a drastic improvement
inside your trading performance. Because now you are able to figure out what's working,
what's not working, so you can do more of what works and do less of what doesn't. So that you can
learn from your mistakes, so that you don't commit the same mistakes over and over again.
And then in this way, you're able to eliminate the losses. And when you eliminate the losses,
guess what? You're increasing the wins. There's a higher chance that you're going to become
profitable. So that is what journaling is really about. And journaling is just one thing that I felt
like it was absolutely essential. But I just didn't know how important it is like when I started trading.
So it is what it is. Right? If you guys can journal, you can just gain a huge edge against your
competition. And I stand by that. And I'll always stand by that. Now the question becomes,
what's the one thing that separates the winners from the losers? What is the one thing that allows
you to get to the top 1% of traders instead of becoming the rest of the 99% at the bottom?
What is the one thing? One common differentiating factor that I realized that actually separates
like the successful traders from the non-successful traders or one of the failures, the bottom of the
bottom, it's one thing and one thing only. And it's not what you think it is. Right? You might think
that it is because they have a solid trading strategy. You might think that it's because they
have a, you know, they are very good at risk management. All of these things are very important.
Don't get me wrong. All of these are extremely important. But one thing that really allow traders
to last long in the game, allow professionals to, you know, remain consistently profitable for such a
long time. One thing, just one thing. And I believe you already know that by now, but you don't practice
it. You know, you don't apply this knowledge. Right? Okay. So what's the one thing? I don't want to keep
you in suspense, but the one thing is time. Okay? Yes, it is time. Now, what does it mean?
Time. Time, you see, time is a very, like, weird concept because, like, time is something that
is finite. We only have 24 hours a day. Why is it that some people are able to accomplish much
more than others? Right? And it's usually dual to focus, right? Because focus is a multiplier.
Example, the guy who can focus and trade for, you know, 12 hours is going to get more than the
guy who is not really focused but trade for 24 hours. Right? So focus is that multiplier.
So all of this stuff is important. But like I said, what makes time so powerful is the
compound effect. Right? Let me tell you something. Trading is going to be extremely difficult.
It's going to be extremely hard. You're going to encounter a ton of setbacks. You're going
to encounter a shit ton of obstacles. You're going to lose a lot, a lot of money. You're
going to blow accounts after accounts. You're going to get to the point where you feel like
punching your pillow because you just lost your life savings. Right? I'm telling you this
because this is exactly what happened to me. That night where I lost $10,000 in one night,
I punched my pillow. I cried. I was genuinely thinking about, you know what? F this shit.
I don't want to be trading anymore. I just want to go back to my 9 to 5 job so that I can
actually have like a steady, consistent payroll, you know, instead of doing this risky kind
of stuff. This is exactly what you are going to go through. And that is why I urge you to
actually trust the process. Take your time. Right? Be very patient. Because the thing about
trading is that you will not actually reach that consistent profitability within a very
short amount of time. It's going to be a very long time. Right? And it's not because you
lack the knowledge to do so. It's because it takes a very long time to build that consistently
profitable mindset. Right? Because like I said, we humans, we are wired. We are literally
biologically wired not to become successful trader. Our fight or flight mechanism is working
against us in trading instead of for us. And that is why at the start, you know, when you
start trading a live account, you're going to be succumbed to a lot of different emotions
and all type of shit. Right? And my advice would be like, really just give it time. Because
yesterday at the 1% Club meetup, I asked them, what is the one main problem that you guys
face when you are trading? And most of them say it's emotions. And then they asked me,
what is the fix? Right? And usually I will just give them like a quick fix. Right? Maybe
if you are over trading, then you need to set a profit target or loss target. Or if you
are, you know, you are giving back your wins to the market. Right? Maybe after you win money
in the London session, at a New York session, you end up giving your profits back to the
market, then I will advise them to, you know, just stick to one trading session. So I was
just giving all this good advice yesterday. But I realized like, the one main thing that
I really want to drill into them yesterday was the concept of time. Because I realized
that I wasn't making much money in my first year. I wasn't making any sort of money in
my second year as well. Right? Maybe second year, I was like breaking evil. You know, I was
kind of starting to figure things out already, breaking even here and there, not making much,
but not losing a lot as well. Right? First year, just losing a lot of money. That's
it. Right? Losing a lot of money, learning a ton of lessons. Because we humans, we need
to learn the hard way. And then second year will be, I just realized this angle is kind
of weird. Second year, second year will be breaking even. You know, you know what exactly
you need to do. You know, you need to follow the plan. You need to use the correct position
size. You know, so at this point, you're kind of break even. But you still haven't gained
that edge in terms of your mindset as yet. And then third year onwards, that is where
I start to see that compound effect. That's where I start to see my profits just compound
incredibly. Like the first year, I was maybe making like $20 per day or whatnot. Very small
amount. Because I was trading for a very small amount of capital as well. And then second
year, I started to see the break even. And third year just go like $1,000 a day. Like
$5,000 a day, $10,000 a day, $20,000 a day. And that's the compound effect in working,
guys. That is why I ask you guys to trust the process. Don't look at trading as a way
where, you know, you're going to get rich very, very fast. No. If you can actually stay
in the game and sustain in the game for a very long period of time, eventually you will
make it. I believe in you. I'm rooting for you. If you're watching this video, that
means that you are committed to the process of actually learning and actually becoming
a successful trader. And I want to see that for you. And I believe that if me, an average
20-year-old, one-year-old Asian guy who's as big as years, who's insecure his whole life,
who got bullied as a kid, who has the most fucked up childhood ever, who grew up in the
most uncomfortable situations, grew up in a village, parents is from like a third world
country, China, not really. But okay, basically the point, my point here is that like, if
a guy with me, who came from absolutely nothing, bottom of the bottom can make it. If I can
live on this 49th floor penthouse, the tallest house in this entire estate, you can do it
too, bro. You can do it too, bro. Because here's what lies at the end of the finish line.
That's right. That's right. That's right, guys. Look at that.
But before you get to this point, guess what? You have to earn. You have to earn it. You have
to earn the right to enjoy the nice things in life. The only reason why it feels good to have
all these nice things is because I had nothing. I grew up with nothing. So basically my point here
is this, it's going to take a lot of time. It's going to take years, right? It might take you
three to five years to even become profitable. But once you do, the rewards are exponential.
You will literally get everything you want in life. And I wish that for you. All right.
If I can do it, you can do it here too. And as always, remember, you're just one trade away.
