If you can master order flow, you will be able to understand how the market truly operates and how
price works, which is really the most important thing a trader must understand. And then you will
be able to learn how to capitalize on large move before they even happen so that you can make
consistent profits. So welcome to order flow, ladies and gents. So inside this full complete
course on order flow, here's what you will learn. What is order flow? Why use order flow, right? We
help you gain a deeper understanding behind the dynamics of order flow and how price move, right?
In balance versus balance and how order flow actually move prices and how to trade with order
flow using both footprint charts and candlestick charts. Now, please watch this video in order
from start to the end. Don't skip around, right? If not, you won't be able to understand what I'm
actually saying because you need to have a deep understanding of how price works on the fundamental
level in order to understand and master order flow. And like I said, if you don't have the attention
spent to even watch finish a goddamn video, how are you going to have the patience to become a
successful trader? Dumbass.
Now, what is order flow? Order flow trading allows you to see the interactions between the buyers and
the sellers in order to identify who is in control of price. And that's really all successful trading
is about, right? It's about figuring out who is in control of price, whether the bulls or the bears
and being on the correct side of the market. It's the process of analyzing the flow of trades being
placed by other traders, institutional traders, retail traders on a specific market or an asset
by watching the order book or footprint charts, right? So this really allow traders to see the
amount of buy and sell orders that are being placed at a certain time in the market at a given price
point. And guess what this allows you to do? This allows you to anticipate changes in price
before they even happen. So the truth is, why do you use order flow, right? What is so magical about
order flow? And the truth is order flow is not a holy grail, right? But it allows you to figure out
what price is doing. And that's the most important thing ever. And it is not lagging. That means it's
not moving like a snail, like all the other trading indicators. So if you are still trading, we've got
them moving averages, Bollinger Bands, RSI. Understand that you are a bit late to the party,
buddy. So in trading, the fastest finger wins. If you are able to understand order flow, you will be
able to understand how the market moves and most importantly, how price works. And this really
allows you to gain such a deep understanding of the market and change your paradigm so that you are
aligned with the professional traders that actually know how to move the markets, right?
And this really allows you to overtake all the other retail traders, like what Yuzin Boat is doing
right here, who are still relying on all the lagging trading indicators or freaking stupid chart patterns
right here, right? All these guys here, right? So don't be like these guys here. Be Yuzin Boat,
my friend. So by trading order flow, you are able to gain an edge over the retail traders,
right? Pretty much the entire retail space because trust me, no retail traders are going
to be looking at order flow. Who the hell cares about order flow, order book, when you can rely
on chart patterns, you know, because when you are trading order flow, you are able to see
institutional activity. That means you are able to see what all the big boys, the smart money,
the financial institutions, the investment funds, the, okay, basically all the smart money,
what they are doing. And if you're able to see what they are doing earlier than the rest of the
world, you will be able to trade with them. So when those big move happens in the market,
you will be able to get in before they actually even happen.
Now, not only does it allow us to spot institutional activity earlier, it is also much more
reliable since it comes straight from a centralized order book, right? An order book is basically
where you see all the limit and market orders that is existing inside the market, right? So all the
buy or sell orders is all shown on the order book. And this centralized order book literally shows
everything, all the orders. This means there is no hidden orders from the black market or something
out there, right? It's all on the order book, right? Like, come on, all the orders are literally
displayed right in front of your face on the order book itself. And that relationship really helps
you understand what's actually going on in the current market environment. And when you are
really able to understand what's going on, you are able to be in sync with what the market is actually
doing, right? And you will be able to really write the liquidity. And quite simply put, market liquidity
doesn't lie. Numbers can't lie, right? You are literally looking at cohort numbers, which tell you
exactly who is in control of price. And yeah, there's no way that it's a lie. It's cohort truth.
So the financial markets work based on the auction market theory, which states that financial markets
are just like any other business in this world, meaning there's going to be buyers and sellers.
And they are both actively trying to seek the fair value of an asset, right? This theory is based on
the principles of supply and demand and the auction process. And that's really how the world works,
right? If you go to the market, right? You're essentially buying from a seller. And if you
are trying to sell away your used car or your Apple iPhone or whatever, you are essentially looking for
a buyer to fill up your sell order, right? Same thing with the financial markets.
So let me just give you a quick example to really deepen your understanding behind this auction market
theory and what is this complicated weird ass term all about. Say there is a beautiful five bedroom
house that is on auction right now and it's priced at $400,000. Now, since this house is so gorgeous
and it's located right beside the beach, you know, it has such a great location. People perceive this
house as valuable. So they start bidding for it. I want to buy this house at $420,000. I want to buy
this at $430,000. And then when this happens, this creates demand, right? This creates demand for the
house. And since there's only one house and there's so many people just bidding for the house,
demand exceeds supply, right? When demand exceeds supply, this drives the price of the house up to
$450,000. Now, this is the new price that the market deems is fair. Meaning this is the fair value
of the house. Now, suddenly, let's say there's a bad news, okay? Bad news come out about the house is
being announced. The roof is falling apart. It does not include furnitures, right? So whatever you see
right there, it's just your imagination. It's not real, right? You are not going to get the nice letter
sofa. It's not included in the house. Boom! When this happens, people start backing out, yeah? Come on, man.
This is what I expected and this is what I get. Come on, doesn't make no sense. So people start
making backing out. And since less people want the house now, supply exceeds demand, right? And this
causes prices of the house to drop to $420,000, which is the new fair value of the house, right? It's
the price where the bidders, they deem as fair. Since now, yes, take into account all this bad news,
right? And if they project the cash flow, right? How much return on investment this house can
actually get me is actually not that great, right? So this is the new fair value. However, let's say
later on, good news come out again. If you buy this house, you get a nice Tesla, right? For free.
Buy one, get one free. This is obviously not real, but like, let's say it's real. Later on, good news come
out and this causes price to actually increase back to $450,000, right? Because now, there is people who
is more interested in the house and demand, exit, supply once again. Essentially, this is what
happens in the markets every single day. Every single day, buyers and sellers, they meet each
other. And what they are doing is that they are trying to find the fair value of an asset, be it a
stock or a crypto coin or a forex currency pair, right? Which result in buy or sell orders, which
pretty much constitute the order book and mix up the order flow. And this is exactly why price is
always moving from balance to imbalance to balance and imbalance, right? If you look at the charts
right now, any price charts on trading view, whatever, you will notice this common similarity.
And this is essentially just how the markets move on a fundamental level, right? To really understand
how you move on a fundamental level, you need to understand the concept of balance and imbalance.
So in a balanced market, buyers and sellers, they agree on a certain price based on their
perception of what is fair, your fair value. And this leads to lower volatility and price just
remain quite stable, right? And this causes price to range, right? Just stuck in a consolidation,
just like this, where it's just going sideways and not really going anywhere. However, financial markets
they can't stay in this balance forever because new information is going to come in. New information,
whether that is fundamental news or it could be technicals, right? Based on price action,
this causes markets to move away from the fair value and transition into a completely different
environment, which is your imbalance, right? An imbalance occurs when there is a disagreement about
the fair value. And this is where one side of the market participants, be it the buyers or the
sellers, they actually become more aggressive. And this leads to a trending market. And imbalance
actually cause price to either move higher or lower until eventually this imbalance fades away,
doesn't have enough momentum anymore, and it stops and price starts consolidating again,
going back to the balance phase. And then eventually it can't stay in the balance forever.
So it eventually break out of the balance phase, go into the imbalance phase, back to balance.
And this just happens over and over again, right? And this is essentially just how the markets work.
If you think about it, this is actually how the universe and how life works. It's always a balance
between chaos and order. Yin and yang. So quite simply put, the market are basically an oscillation
between imbalance and balance because it is always seeking fair value. When there is an efficient market,
it is not able to stay in there forever. Because eventually due to some sort of new information,
demand will exceed supply or supply will exceed demand. And then when this happens, this causes your
imbalance to occur, right? Where there's a lot of buyers, value to sellers or a lot of sellers, value to
buyers, imbalance, right? Just imagine a seesaw, right? It's like, it's like not balanced right
now. That's why we call it imbalance. And when there's this imbalance, creates inefficiency in
price. And then price look for balance again to form an efficient market. And this whole loop just
keep happening over and over again forever. And this is essentially just how the market works.
Don't ask me why. This is just how it works, right?
So your goal as a trader is to really make sure that you can capitalize on the imbalance move
because that is where the big money is at. Just think about it. When you go onto the charts,
you identify all those large moves that you always miss because you suck at trading.
These are where the big gold mine is. This is where you're able to make the most amount of money by
really capitalizing on all these large moves. So like I said, your job is to look for this large
move and actually get in before they happen so they can write this large move and make a lot of money
very, very fast. Now, when you look at a candlestick chart just like this, it doesn't really give us
information that tell us about volume, price, and the exchange between sellers and buyers, right?
When you see something like this, all this green candlestick tell you just that this is actually
a bullish candlestick, right? And this tell us that, okay, there's buying momentum and price is going up.
But that's all it is. That's all a candlestick chart tell us. And if you see a red candlestick,
it just means that price is bearish and price is going down.
Now, you're essentially looking at the outcome of buyers and sellers, right?
You are not looking at how it was being formed and looking at just at what price is doing,
like what's the outcome, right? It doesn't really tell you what is going on at a deeper level beneath
the candlestick. And that is when your footprint chart come in, right? So this footprint chart,
how it works is that once again, it dissects the candlestick into orders, right? So the right hand
side, all these numbers right here, it basically show you the buy orders, right? The market orders
on the right side are the buyers, right? So you can see all these numbers is essentially
how much buy orders at the specific price. And then on the left hand side, this is basically
how much sell orders on the left hand side. What a candlestick does is that it just show you the
outcome, right? It shows you the high price, the close, the open, and the low. But a footprint chart
actually show you how many orders, how many buy or sell orders happen at each price, each pip.
Now, this is important because when you are able to get so much more information when it comes to
volume and the exchange between the buyers and the sellers, between the supply and demand,
this allows you to really understand on the fundamental level who is actually in control of
the market. And yeah, this is just very powerful. If you can really look at this footprint chart and
actually understand what is going on with all these randomness numbers, you will be able to
understand that nothing is random in the market. Now let's talk about how order flow actually move
prices, right? And let's kind of understand how this footprint chart works on a deeper level.
So when you look at your bid and ask spread or rate, rather this is actually your order book, right?
So let's look at the order book and how this order book works is that these numbers on the right hand
side, these ask, right? These are essentially your sell orders, okay? As simple as that, these are your
sell orders. And then this bid right here, these are essentially your buy orders, okay? But here's the
tricky part, right? These numbers right here, right? It represents the amount of orders
at the specific price. So this is essentially 1,103 sell orders at this price. And then this is
1,687 sell orders at this price. But you can see, this is the market price. This is where the market
currently is at right now. This is price of a specific asset right now. So over here, right?
All of this, right here, all of these are essentially what we call your limit orders. Now, if you don't
understand what are limit orders, they are basically orders that have yet been activated.
They are pretty much pending orders inside the market, right? Because right now, this is where
the market is at, right? This price right here is the price of the asset. And right now, these sellers,
they want to actually enter for a sell at this price. They want to enter for a sell at this price
or this price, right? And you can see these are the different number of orders that is located
at different prices, right? These are all limit orders which haven't been activated yet.
Now, let's say there is an Apple that costs $5. And this is just to help you understand what is the
difference between limit order and market order. So Apple costs $5. A market order is you buy the
Apple right now at $5, right? You don't care about what the price is right now, you just buy it.
Okay, that's a market order. You execute at the current market price. A limit order is when there's
some sort of condition. You only want to buy an Apple only if it costs less than $3, okay? That means
that $3, it's actually below the current market price, which is $5. So in that scenario, I only
want to buy when it's at $3. But right now, it's not at $3 yet. So I will wait until price of the
Apple drop to $3, then I will get in for the order, right? So that is essentially what a limit order
is. Now, the Apple will be bought when its price drop to $3 or lower. So quite simply,
when you look at order flow, if you think about it from the first person perspective, right? Or
underlying belief, order flow is essentially an interaction between your limit orders and your
market orders. And this pretty much forms the liquidity that you see in the market. So let's say
John, right? John, this guy is a trader working for a large financial institution. And this guy has
insider information, right? Which is not accessible to public, right? That is why, right, when you look
at news and you expect the news to actually come up and actually cause price to move, but then price
has already made a huge move before the news even come out. And that's most likely because these
institutioners, traders, this smart money, they have inside information and they act on it before
the news actually come out, which result in all this large move before they even happen. So yeah,
let's say John, this guy, right? He's an institutional trader, right? So that means he's
managing millions of dollars. He has a lot of buying power, right? And he has insider information,
which happens to be positive news. So he has to act on this information as soon as possible
before the market knows about it, before the news come out and the market takes into account
of the news. He has to act on it right now. So he's not going to be placing a limit order,
which will take like a few hours to fill up. He's going to execute the market order,
which allows him to get into the buy position immediately. And he's going to do it with a
large sum of money. And I'm talking about millions, if not billions of dollars here.
And this is essentially where a process actually create imbalances, right? This actually fills up all
the ask on the order book, right? It fills up all these ask orders. You can see previously,
it was like thousand sell orders right here, right? Thousands of sell orders. But right now,
it's all being filled up. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. It's all been filled up.
And when this happens, it's because he was able to execute a large buy order, right? He was able to
enter into the market in bulk. And this creates massive imbalances in the market. If you look at the
left-hand side, right? It creates your imbalances. And like I said, your goal as a trader is to really
spot the imbalance move before they actually happen so that you can write the big money and make bank.
Now, how do we spot these imbalances and order flow? By utilizing footprint charts,
right? And that's what we're going to talk about next. So where do you actually find footprint charts?
There's actually three main software that you can actually find these footprint charts to trade with
to really understand the underlying order flow. And first is Atas. And second is TradingView.
And next is Sierra Chart. Right? In my opinion, I think Atas is the best software to actually use
when it comes to finding and actually utilizing your footprint charts. But like I said, here's a
quick note. Footprint charts are not cheap at all. Yeah, it's actually not cheap. So if you want to
trade like professional trader, because this is what professional traders look at, it's not going to be
cheap. Just going to warn you. And yeah, different software have different packages and different
pricing for the footprint chart. Anyways, now let's go on to the footprint charts and let's learn how
to trade order flow. Now, when you go on to TradingView, you have the option to switch to your
footprint charts just by pressing this button right here. And right now, you're probably on the
candlestick charts. You just need to press it, click and volume footprint, and then you will be able to
switch to the footprint charts. Bear in mind, this is only on the premium plan and above. So you do need
to purchase a subscription with TradingView in order to access these footprint charts.
Like I said, it's not cheap. But if you want to be serious in trading and you want to add these
footprint charts into your arsenal, then this is something that I recommend you to actually invest
in. Right. So let's dive deep into how to actually read these footprint charts. Right. So I'm just going
to zoom into one candlestick like this. So over here, we got the candlestick. And on the right hand side,
we pretty much got the buying volume. Right. The buy orders. And then the left hand side,
we got the sell orders, the selling volume. Right. So this is basically your bid and ask.
Right. So when you look at this, you can see there's a lot of things going on here. But like I said,
I'm just going to simplify things with you guys by having like a little description for you to
actually understand what's actually going on with this footprint thing here. Right. So first of all,
maybe you want to copy my settings. So let me just show you my settings. You can just pause the
video right now and you can just copy these settings that I have right now. And basically,
the darker the gradient. Right. You can see the darker the gradient of the footprint rectangle
thing. The more volume that is. Right. The more orders that is. Right. So let's go dive deep into
understanding how to actually read these footprint charts. Right. So once again, left hand side,
what you see is your sell orders. And like I said, the darker the color. Right. The more order that is.
Right. So you can see the number in the middle that pretty much just represent the number of
limit orders. Right. That pretty much represent the number of orders inside the market. Right.
Limit or market orders. Right. So you can see the gray box basically represents like the most amount
of order. So pretty much at this pricing right here, 1.084 Arial. This is when there was the most
amount of buy orders and there's the most amount of sell orders being filled up. Right. So you can see
4.622 K buy orders right there for 3.828 K sell orders right there. Right. So that's basically how
you read these numbers. Right. So first thing you have to understand is that the darker the shade of
the green or red. Right. The more orders that is. And yeah, the higher the number is basically means
that is higher amount of orders. Right. It's not rocket science. And then when you come down here,
this delta thing, right, delta this number right here, it basically represents the difference between
your buy and selling volume or orders. Right. So it's basically you just take the total amount of
buy orders. Right. Minus the total amount of your sell orders. Okay. And then the total right here,
this number right here is pretty much the total volume, the total amount of orders when this entire
candlestick was being formed right here. Okay. So if you see like a positive delta number like this,
like 7.534 K, that's pretty positive. Right. This tell us that that is aggressive buying. Now,
if you see a negative number, like say maybe this one right here. Yeah, this one right here,
you can see this means that is aggressive selling. Right. And one thing to note is that just because the
number is positive or negative does not really mean that the number like it correlates to who is in
control of price. For example, right here, even though the delta was negative, right, meaning
there is a lot of aggressive selling going on here, the candlestick actually end up bullish,
right? It end up being a bullish candlestick, which means the bulls are actually in control of
price, even though there was a lot of selling. So yeah, that's one thing that you guys have to
be careful of. Don't just assume that just because the delta is negative, that means that sellers are
in control or just because the delta is positive, buyers are in control. Now, that's basically how
this entire footprint chart actually works, like how you actually read it. And there's different
type that you can actually choose from. You can see this is the normal buy and sell one. And then
you can have one where it's the delta one, which is just focused on just like one row instead of
having two rows where you differentiate the buy and sell one. You just have one row,
which shows you the total buy volume here, total sell volume here. And then if you go to the total,
this is just volume, right? Just really looking at the total amount of orders, total amount of
volume. So yeah, that's pretty much how it is. We're just going to stick to this one because this one
really tell us the buy orders, the sell orders, and whether there's any sort of imbalance whatsoever.
Okay, so that's basically how you understand a footprint chart. Now, let's talk about how to
actually trade it, how to actually add it into our trading arsenal. First things first,
this is a very important thing to note, right? I don't really like to jump straight into the
footprint charts because this is what your charts will look like. If you just jump straight into
the footprint charts, it's very hard for you to understand what's actually going on. So what I
like to do is that I will start off by analyzing my charts on the candlestick charts, you know, a normal
candlestick chart. And how I trade is that I always like to build a higher time frame narrative first.
That means I need to understand who is in control of price on the higher time frame. And to do that,
I don't really need to look at footprint charts to actually confuse myself. I just look at candlestick
charts. I analyze the price action. I look at the market structure to see whether price is in bullish
or bearish order flow, right? So obviously, first things first is you map out your market structure,
right? So if I have to map out my market structure based on what we have right here, you can see price
is pretty bullish right now. So price actually created a market shift right there. And then this
led to the market reversing from bearish to bullish. So now, based on looking at the candlesticks
alone, you would see that the buyers are actually in control of price, right? There is more demand
than supply in the market. And then when price actually break above the market shift, it actually
end up creating a new higher high, higher low, and it's starting to create a new high. So I can
actually have my bullish break of structure right now, right? So that's all I'm trying to do is to
really map out the market structure, identify any sort of underlying point of interest. Maybe that's
like a supply zone that we have right here, right? You can see your supply zone, mark up any significant
point of interest. Then there's a demand zone right here. So we are pretty much playing within this range
right now, right? So the first thing first is to always go and build the higher time frame narrative
to see what is the range that you are trading within, and also to see whether price is in a
bullish uptrend or a bearish order flow, right? And we do that just by purely looking at candlesticks,
right? And really analyzing the market structure. Now, my point, or rather, here's a tip for you
guys, because this is what I do, right? I just wait for price to get to a point of interest,
then I switch to footprint charts, okay? So I only switch to footprint charts when price get to some
sort of demand zone or supply zone or order block or sweep zone or flip zone, some sort of point of
interest. Because what I'm trying to do is to figure out whether price will respect or disregard that
point of interest, like just blast right through it. And how I know that price will actually respect this
point of interest is when I go down and look at the footprint and I see whether the sellers or the buyers
are in control of price at this area, right? If at this area, this buying momentum, it starts losing
some sort of momentum, right? And I can see like the buying volume fading away, right? The buying,
the buy orders are fading away and the sell limit orders are just filling up and it's going to cost
price to actually respect this supply zone that we have right here and actually go down. If I am able
to see sustained buying pressure and actually there's a lot of buying volume and it can actually
sustain, right? There's actually aggressive buyers and the buyers are still in control. Then most
likely it's going to pierce right past this point of interest that we have right here. Okay, so right
now price has reached our point of interest. Let me just delete this and then I will probably just
switch to the footprint charts right here. Footprint charts and then I will go down to perhaps the
smaller time frame to analyze what price is doing at this supply zone, right? So like I said, right,
just because you get a negative delta does not mean that the sellers are in control of price,
right? So you just need to understand that what this footprint charts does is that it tells you
who is more aggressive and who is more passive. Now the aggressive people are the ones that is
filling up the market orders, right? They are actually filling up the market orders. They don't
care about what price the market is at right now. They just want to enter for the trade. Those are the
aggressive traders. And then the passive traders are the ones that have their limit orders, right?
They have their buy limit orders. They have their sell limit orders, right? They are not as aggressive as
the aggressors, right? And yeah, that's basically what footprint does. It shows you who is more
aggressive, who is more passive. And like I said, the higher the number, the more aggressive
the person is, right? The traders is. And like I said, most importantly, you just want to focus on the
volume, right? At the point of interest. So right now, price come into this supply zone. How do we know
that price is going to respect this supply zone? We need to see that the price actually
loses control, right? I mean, the buyers actually lose control at this supply zone. That is what we
want to see. If price were to respect this supply zone and reverse, you must see the buy orders,
right? The buying volume fades away and supply step into the market and take control of the market,
right? That's all we are trying to do. So right here, you see price approach this supply zone.
And if you are observing the delta that we have right here, right? And looking at the total orders,
what we have is that there's a lot of strong momentum, right? You can see positive delta,
right? There's a lot of aggressive buying into this supply zone. And the volume is also quite high,
right? The volume is also quite high and it's just getting more and more aggressive. But you can see
over here, the trading volume is starting to decrease a little bit compared to what we have
right here. So there is some sort of supply starting to enter into the market. So to simplify things even
further, let me just draw it out for you guys like a quick example. So let's say there's a demand zone
right here. And then price is going down, right? To the demand zone and it has a lot of aggressive
selling volume, right? And price is just going down, you know, negative delta, strong amount of volume,
there's a lot of orders, a lot of momentum pushing the price down. Eventually, when price get to this
demand zone, you realize that it can't seem to break past it multiple times, right? Even though
there's a lot of aggressive selling, right? But it can't seem to break past it. This is because
there's a lot of demand at this demand zone and pretty much all the buy limit orders that we have
right here is just eating up all the aggressive sell orders, right? It's literally like Pac-Man,
right? All the passive limit orders right here, all the buy limit orders right here is eating up
all the aggressive sell orders. That is why this demand zone is most likely going to hold and price
is going to trade even higher and potentially reverse because of the fact that the buyers are
actually took back control of the market at this demand zone just because the passive limit orders
was just so overwhelming. So that's essentially what we are trying to do on by using the footprint to
do, right? So by seeing price actually approach this supply zone that we have right here, we need to
see what the volume is actually showing us, right? We need to see whether the aggressive buyers are able
to break past this zone. And to do that, it must overwhelm the sell limit orders at this level here.
If not, then the supply will come and step into the market and price is just going to reverse and head
back down. As simple as that. Now here's another example. So based on the price action that we can
see right here, there's a lot of demand at this area, right? There's pretty much a lot of demand
at this area supporting price, right? So this entire area here, there's a lot of demand at this area.
So this is a demand zone. And you can see as price comes down into the demand zone, right? We observe
the candlestick when it actually reached that point of interest, right? So that is where we really want
to focus on the footprint, right? And if you look at this candlestick right here, the one that
actually touched into the demand zone, what we have right here was that there was a lot of aggressive
selling, right? There's a lot of aggressive selling that results in a negative delta, right? And if you
look at this, there's a lot of trading volume and there's a lot of aggressive selling. But if you look
at the buy orders, right? That is 2.462k buy orders. And that completely overwhelmed the 1.381k
sell orders. Now this pretty much tell us that, okay, even though the sellers were aggressive,
but then there is so much demand at this demand zone, right? There was so much passive limit orders,
buy limit orders that actually just completely eat up the sell orders that we have right here,
which result in price respecting this demand zone, right? And then next thing you know,
demand step into the market and push price up forming this huge bullish candlestick right here.
And you can see the delta is a very big number, like a very big positive number, right? And this
pretty much just show us that demand have officially stepped into the market. And quite simply, that's
essentially how you actually trade footprint charts, right? You basically just want to wait for
price to get to a point of interest, right? Be it a supply or demand zone. And then to decide whether
it's going to respect that supply and demand zone, you go and look at the aggressive selling,
aggressive buying, and then figure out who is actually in control of price, right? And just like
I said, just because there is aggressive selling doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to break
past the demand zone. Because the passive buy limit orders can eventually just eat up the aggressive
selling and just cause price to reverse. So my advice would be to always start off with the higher
timeframe, looking at the candlestick chart first to figure out who is actually in control of price,
like whether price is bullish or bearish based on the higher timeframe narrative, and as much as
possible, stick to that bias. So if price is bullish on the four hour timeframe, you should
potentially look for buy orders within the lower timeframes. And then you just wait for price to
get to some sort of demand zone, right? And then once price get into the demand zone on the lower
timeframe, you go to your footprint charts and you see that what you want to see is that you want to
see buyers take back control of price, right? If price is pulling back to that demand zone, you want
to see buyers take back control, and that is when you can potentially enter for your trade, right?
So all footprint charts work is that it acts as like an additional signal, right? So at the end of the day,
price action, market structure, supply and demand, liquidity, all of these concepts are really
what drive the market as well, right? And they are always going to be the core components of my own
trading strategy, my own mechanical trading strategy. This order flow, this footprint charts
thing is just an additional confluence to me. So yeah, just understand that footprint charts are not
the holy grail to trading. You're not going to automatically make $1 million after you started
learning about footprint charts, right? And the thing is, you guys need to understand that this
footprint chart is just an additional confluence, an additional tool in your arsenal. So that right
now, you don't just have market structure, you don't just have price action on supply and demand,
but you have also understood the order flow, the underlying forces of what actually moved the
market, and you can really figure out who is in control of price. Like I said, there's no point of
you understanding order flow and footprint charts if you cannot even identify your point of interest
correctly. If you cannot identify your supply and demand zones properly, there's no point of you
just looking at footprint charts, right? You're not just going to enter for a buy or sell automatically
just because you see there's aggressive buying and aggressive selling. It doesn't work that way.
You need that additional confluence to support your buyers. So yeah, this is just one of the 154 plus
in-depth video lessons that we have inside the 1% club. You can see inside the 1% club, it doesn't matter
if you are a beginner or you're an intermediate trader who are losing money right now. If you
want to master trading and achieve consistent profits, you know where to go. 1% club is the
greatest trading education in the world. Like you can see, this is our classroom. We literally lay
out the course modules step-by-step in chronological order so that we can get you from a complete
beginner with no prior knowledge or experience whatsoever into the point of mastery where you're
able to really become a professional trader who bank consistent profits. And we also got coaching
call going on every single day. You can see this is our schedule right now. We also host live trading
session every single week. And then this is the results, right? We don't just claim that we are the
greatest trading education, right? We have students who are actively getting results, who have gained
extreme clarity and confidence of the markets. And Alia made over $25,000 just last month after joining us
for only two months. And Samuddin made over $10,000 in a week. And that's his first 10k from trading
just after joining us for what? One month? And yeah, it's just absolutely crazy and mind-blowing the amount
of results that we are getting for our students right now. So yeah, join the 1% club if you want. If not, go and
watch this playlist on market mechanics, which will really help you understand how the market really works and really
refine your edge as a profitable, you know, as a professional trader and help you become a profitable trader.
As always, I will always be rooting for you. And remember, you are just one trade away.
