So a lot of you guys have been asking me what are the moving averages that I use,
what indicators do I use, and what are their settings.
So in this video, I'm going to review it all.
I'm going to show you guys everything there is to know about the moving average that I use.
This is my own personal strategy, and I can't believe I'm going to give it away for free.
So watch till the end of this video, and I can guarantee you,
you will be able to understand where to enter for a buy, where to enter for a sell,
so that you can get a sniper entry.
Let's go.
So how you can set up the moving averages that I use is by going to this indicator step right here,
and then just click on moving average exponential.
Click on this one right here, and then you add two of them,
and then change one of it to 8, and one of them to 14.
So one length is 14, the other one is 8, and you can change the color to whatever you want.
I just use the blue and red, alright.
And also, a lot of you have been asking me what is the indicator that I use.
I have tried Bollinger Bands, RSI, MACD, basically all the indicators that you have
think of, I've tried them.
But I found that the moving average works best for me,
because I like that it is so clean on my charts.
Like, look at this.
It is so clean.
It's not even messy.
And number two, it's just so simple to use, you know what I'm saying?
So I'm going to show you how to use it right now.
And the reason why I don't use a lot of indicators is because
I want to focus on price action, because all indicators lack.
But you know what does not lack?
Price action.
So basically, when the blue line is above the red line, just like this,
this means price is in the uptrend.
So we should only be looking to buy, because we want to trade with the trend.
And then when the red line is above the blue line, like this,
this means that right now we are in a downtrend, and we should only be looking to sell.
So when the red line crosses over the blue line, immediately, just like this,
we want to enter for a sell position.
And then when the blue line crosses over the red line,
this is when we want to enter for a buy position immediately.
So this is what we call the moving average cross over share G.
Yup, it's really just as simple as that.
Wait, but wait.
If it's so simple, that means every single trader should be driving Lamborghini everywhere, right?
But that's not the truth, because it's not that simple, alright?
Because most of the time, when the moving average cross over,
it's actually a fake out.
So how do you actually do this, man?
Don't worry, I got you.
That's why I always say that you cannot enter immediately when you only have one confluence.
You need multiple confluences, because they all add up together
to help you determine whether you should go in for a buy or a sell.
So in this case right here, you can see like the moving average,
the red line has been above the blue line for quite some time, right?
Because it's in a very clear downtrend, and price is making lower highs, lower lows.
So obviously, this is a downtrend.
But you can see when price approach this support level that we have drawn,
this major support area, this is like a little entire area right here.
This is a very, very strong support area.
So as price approaches this area,
you will definitely start to see like some sellers start to go away,
because some buyers is going to be waiting at this exact level to enter for a buy position.
So you can see as price approaches this level,
the candlesticks are getting smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller.
This shows us that the price is losing momentum,
and price is losing steam.
And right here, guys, right here,
this is when you see the blue line starts to cross over the red line.
Holy shit, boys.
The blue line have started to cross over the red line.
So at first, it was still the red line above the blue line.
But right here, blue above red.
Guess what, guys?
This right here is our opportunity.
Opportunity.
Opportunity.
Oh my god.
Opportunity.
So this right here, we can enter for a buy position right here.
But remember I said,
you cannot just enter immediately when the moving average cross over.
You need multiple confluences.
And I always tell you guys to look for at least three confluences
before you enter for the trade.
So right now, the first confluence is this moving average cross over.
Second confluence is this support area, right?
This is a very strong support area.
And there is bias in this area.
The third confluence is obviously the bullish engulfing candlestick right here.
This is a big fat green candlestick.
And chances are, if you see this big ass green candlestick at the support area,
guess what?
Price is about to reverse and go to the fucking moon, baby.
So this is when we enter for our buy position.
And the right here, place our stop loss below this support area right here.
And then we can place our take profit at the next key level.
So if you zoom out, you see like the next key level may be somewhere right around here.
There's another key level right here.
This is a very strong resistance area.
You can put it right here or even right here.
I'll just put it way up here.
And with that said, we are on the one hour time frame right now.
And I always enter on the 15 minute time frame to get my sniper entry.
So if you go down to the 15 minute time frame, you will see, holy shit,
the moving average has crossed over right here, guys.
This right here.
This is when the moving average has crossed over.
Not all the way up here, but all the way down here.
So if you enter for the 15 minute time frame,
you could have gotten like a sniper entry right here with your three confluences.
Moving average crossed over, support area,
and also some sort of like candlestick, bullish engulfing candlestick right here.
Enter for buy there.
Place our stop loss below the support.
And your first take profit can be at this resistance area right here that we have drawn.
Or it can be at a second resistance area,
which is a much stronger resistance area right here.
I'll place it just right there.
And let's see how this trade plays out.
Okay, this is going to take ages to go there.
Come on, come on.
This is on the 15 minute time frame, right?
This is why I placed my first take profit right here, guys.
Because on the 15 minute time frame,
and if this is the intraday trade,
you will have smashed your take profit within a day right here.
Like this is the first take profit, right?
If you place it right here,
your first take profit,
you will have closed this trade and gone out of this trade.
But if you are like more of a swing trader,
you want to catch more pips,
you will place it right here.
And we just wait.
Just be patient, be patient.
Now this is a really, really strong, long swing trade.
And bam!
There we go.
There we go.
There we go, boys.
Took a while.
Took a while.
It took maybe one week for us to reach there.
But yeah, this is highly suitable for you if you are swing trading.
But if you are not,
if you are intraday trading and you enter the 15 minute time frame,
you might want to just place your take profit right here
at like the most recent resistance area.
But if you are swing trading and you don't mind holding the trade for weeks
or days or months even,
you can just put a trade up at the next major key level.
I'm going to show you another example right now.
So you can see there's like a little support area right here.
And also like a very strong resistance area right here.
And price has did this major downtrend.
And now it starts retracing, right?
So it could be creating a new lower high.
How do we know price is done retracing?
We wait for the moving average to cross over.
So right now we still wait.
We do not enter right here yet.
And right here you can start to see like price might be crossing down.
So in this case,
we can even draw like a little trend line right here.
Okay, draw like a little trend line right here.
And you can see right here,
this is when like the red line,
I mean the blue line has crossed over the red line.
You can see at first it's all red line above the blue line.
This means it's a downtrend.
And then the blue line starts crossing over the red line.
This means this is a retracement.
And now we want to wait for the red line to cross over the blue line again.
And holy hell,
that is a mouthful.
That is a mouthful of words.
So yeah,
right now we just wait for the red line to cross over the blue line.
I feel like I'm watching like a game right now.
I'm like freaking like cheering for my trade.
What the hell?
So we just wait,
we just wait.
Okay,
you can see right here,
this is when price broke through the trend line.
Price broke through the trend line right here.
And the moving average has already crossed over.
That is already two confluence.
And your third confluence could be a candlestick pattern.
You can see this is a bearish engulfing candlestick.
Big fat red candlestick.
Another big fat red candlestick.
How do we know this is the bearish engulfing candlestick?
You compare this candlestick right here with the previous candlesticks,
which is small,
small,
small,
big fat red candlestick.
There's obviously a bearish engulfing candlestick.
Three confluence,
we can enter for ourselves right here.
And then we place our stop loss at the last swing high,
which is right here.
This is the last swing high.
Place our take profit at this support area that we have drawn.
And now let's watch this trade go down to smash our take profit.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
And it ultimately went down and smashed our take profit right here, right?
This is when we have smashed our take profit.
And we have closed a 1 is to 4 risk to reward ratio trade.
That is pretty pank, guys.
That is pretty pank.
So now that you have seen the power of moving average crossover,
you can apply this into your trading arsenal.
And make sure that you do not just enter immediately
when you see a moving average crossover.
Because there is a lot of fake outs.
Make sure you always combine it with some sort of other confluencers
like candlestick patterns, support and resistance, trend lines,
market structure, Fibonacci, whatever tool that you use,
combine it with at least two other confluencers.
Welcome to the unfiltered section.
So all of these unfiltered sections are literally designed
to help you become profitable traders.
There are either like tips on psychology or risk management tips
that were 10x your trading.
So I really, really need you to like put away all your distractions
and be focused and like stop screwing around
looking at your YouTube suggestions or like the comments on this video.
Stop looking at the suggestions.
Stop looking at the comments.
Focus on what I'm about to say.
So today we are going to talk about trust the process.
Trust the process.
Success looks like an exponential curve.
And right now you are right here.
You are right here at the point where you are working so hard.
But you are not seeing results.
You are not getting results in return.
Let's say you have been practicing trading for quite some time now.
But you have not made any significant profits.
Yup, that's right.
You are right there.
You are right here guys.
And if you feel like giving up, I want you to remember to never ever give up.
Never throw in the tower.
Because right now you are right here on this exponential curve.
So you are right here and you are like just been pushing working hard
but not seeing anything in return.
But trust me when I say that when you reach right here,
this is when the shit gets real.
This is when your income is gonna explode.
This is when you are gonna make the most amount of money
that you made in your entire life.
And you're gonna do that through trading.
So if you give up right here, guess what?
You're never gonna make it right here before the success come in and explode your wealth.
You're never gonna make it there.
Trading is literally one of the only jobs in the world
which does not have a cap to the amount of money you can potentially make.
So of course it's gonna be hard, right?
Think about jobs like doctors, lawyers, and CEOs.
These are all super high paying jobs
which requires you to put in years and years of studying, experience, and hard work.
Trading is the same.
You see those traders on Instagram making like six figures in a year.
Millions in a year.
Guess what?
They have put in the work.
And trust me, they did not get there just because they traded for one year.
That's unrealistic.
You have to understand the fact that trading is not easy
because trading requires you to master your emotions.
And as humans, it is so hard for us to master our emotions.
Think about like the last time you quarreled with a loved one.
Were you able to control your emotions?
No, because like when it's in the heat of a moment,
you just like spur out.
You spur out like a little spark.
You know what I'm saying?
You get angry at your wife or some shit and you shout at her.
Right, because as humans, we have emotions
and it's so damn hard to control these emotions.
That is what makes trading so hard.
But trust me when I say that it's gonna be worth it if you keep going.
What if I tell you that I literally manifested my dream lifestyle?
Three years ago when I first started learning like how to make money online,
I remember like I was just searching for ways to make money online,
starting a business, affiliate marketing, dropshipping,
a lot of ways to make money online.
And then that is when I discovered Forex trading, right?
So when I first decided to become a trader,
I told myself that one day I'm gonna live like the digital nomad lifestyle.
You know like the one where I see on Instagram or YouTube
where people like sit down on a nice beach
and I have the laptop in their lap and then like make money.
Like that is the dream, bro.
That is the dream when I first started trading.
And guess what?
I've achieved that.
After two to three years of hard work,
I have finally achieved that.
And for most of you guys who know my story,
you will know that I was a dead broke college student
who had less than $100 in my bank account two or three years ago.
Less than $100 in my bank account.
That was how fucking broke I went.
I was dead fucking broke, bro.
I remember that I was so fucking broke that I had to buy secondhand books, man.
I have to buy used books that people have read before.
People have read before, man.
That is how hungry I was to succeed.
I was willing to buy secondhand books, guys.
Those filthy secondhand books.
I can literally have like...
I can literally go take a book from the bookshelf and show you guys right now.
It's like this one book that is like so freaking yellow.
Like the pages are yellow and it smells so fucking dirty.
And fast forward to three years later,
I have achieved my goal of becoming a digital nomad.
I have just came back from Thailand where I literally like
have been doing some trading in Thailand
and just like sitting there and living the dream, you know what I'm saying?
Like I feel so grateful, so content and so like proud
that I have finally got to the place where I want to be.
I have achieved the three types of freedom,
which is time freedom, financial freedom and location freedom.
Which means that I can work whenever I want.
I can work at anywhere I want.
And I have enough money that I don't have to worry about anything.
Anything I want to eat, I can just get it, man.
And three years ago, I was worried about buying a $5 chicken rice.
$5 chicken rice and I was like,
fuck, that shit is expensive, bro.
$5, fuck, man.
And now I can eat $50 chicken rice, bro.
And now I can literally like buy whatever the fuck I want.
This is the freedom that I have dreamed of for three years.
Because for three years, I worked my ass off to get to the place where I am right now.
So chances are, if you're watching this, you are probably like one year into the market
or even like six months or you're just a complete beginner into trading
and you have lost a few trades in a row and you feel like giving up.
Man, you feel like giving up, bro.
You feel like giving up.
Why not push on for another few years?
You need to give yourself some time to succeed, bro.
You should not be putting like a time limit to yourself on when you should succeed.
Like, oh, right now I'm 21 years old and I want to be a millionaire in 22 years old.
You should not be giving yourself a time limit on when you can be a profitable trader.
What I mean by that is that a lot of you will think that,
oh, I have to be a profitable trader in six months.
Guess what?
That's the wrong mindset to have.
Because if you go in with that mindset,
after you lose a few trades in a row,
you will feel like giving up.
And after a few months and you are still not profitable,
you will feel like giving up.
Remember the curve that I've drawn for you?
A few months is right here.
A few years could be right here.
You could be at this flatline for a few years
before you start seeing significant amount of money
which will change your life forever.
I know friends who are like three years into the market
and they are still not profitable.
Three fucking years.
And I know people who can master the markets
and become profitable within six months.
Six months.
Everybody's trading journey is different.
You can become profitable within six months
but it can take me two years,
three years, five years, ten years, right?
So everybody's trading journey is different
and I always tell my students that,
bro, you are gonna become profitable faster than I do
because I had no mentor to teach me.
I had to went through everything by myself.
I have to went through loads of trials and tribulations,
trial and error, finding that right strategy
and blowing multiple accounts
before I actually start to figure some things out.
That's why I always say that everybody's journey is different.
What works for you might not work for me
and what works for me might not work for you.
You have to figure out your own trading style,
your own trading strategy
and do not put like a time limit on when you should succeed,
when you can succeed.
And I'm here to lead an example for you.
I'm here as your tribe leader to lead this tribe,
to lead this movement that we have.
I have been in the two extreme ends of poverty and wealth.
I was extremely broke
and I'm also pretty comfortable right now
with the amount of money I have.
I'm on both spectrums.
So I know what it feels like to be so broke
where you work 9 hours per day
and you could not have dinner.
There was this one time where I was working at a bartender
and I did not have dinner for days straight
because my shift was at night
and I just cannot afford to have dinner.
I know what it feels like to be broke
and I want to give you hope that you can make it.
Trust me, if I can make it, you can make it.
I'm not special.
I do not come from a rich family.
I do not have like a freaking university PhD.
None of that shit.
If I can do it, you can do it.
And I want to tell you that I believe in you, brother.
Keep going and we are all going to make it, brothers.
Keep going, get locked in, stay focused,
do not give up, watch all my videos,
implement the advice, practice, backtest
and just do whatever you can to get locked in into trading.
And trust me, just try getting locked in into trading for 6 months.
Just try it for 6 months
and I can guarantee you, your life will change forever
if you put in the work for at least 6 months straight.
I want you to go down to the comment section right now
and comment down below what are your hopes and dreams.
Like what do you want to achieve from trading?
And let's give each other hope and support
by replying to each other's comments
and liking each other's comments.
It will be really, really wholesome for me to see that.
And like this video if this video is helpful
and hit on the subscribe button
and the freaking bell beside it.
Smash the bell beside it, alright?
And welcome to the troll.
