80% of trading losses can be prevented if you become more aware of your emotions.
If you don't separate yourself from your emotions when you trade, your emotions will separate you
from your goals. Emotional control separates the unsuccessful traders from the successful traders.
Now emotions are not the problem here. Emotions are not necessarily evil. They are signals to use
and learn from. So treat emotions as sickness and get curious about what they are trying to tell you.
Become a detective and get excited to get up close and get curious to understand what they mean.
A lot of traders still think that you need to control your emotions to be a good trader. That
is just not true. What you should do instead is to develop the ability to first recognize your
emotions and then understand them. You need to understand your emotions so that you know what
you are actually dealing with and you can actually develop a plan to deal with these emotions when
they arise. Emotions are not necessarily negative. In trading, there is no good or bad emotions.
There is just emotions. If you use emotions correctly, emotions can actually fuel your performance. Just
like how Michael Jordan went on to become the best NBA player, the greatest of all time. Someone talk
shit about him? Michael Jordan knew how to read into his anger and channel it into his performance. It's
a skill that most of us can learn how to cultivate. So a few years ago, I was having family dinner with
my aunts who is like the most evil woman in the world and she told me that I can never make it in
life. And then she told me that I will never amount to anything just like my father. I took that
personally and I went out there to become the best version of myself. Whenever I feel like giving up,
I think about all those people who doubted me, all those people who didn't believe in me and I wanted
to succeed so bad to prove them all wrong and eventually I did. So use your anger as fewer and
work harder. Work in silence and let your success make the noise. Don't treat them with kindness,
torture them with success. Now back when I was still a broke 17 year old college student, there was this
one time where I managed to grow my small $500 account into $10,000. Instead of withdrawing my
profits, I got greedy and I wanted to turn that $10,000 to $50,000. So just to see like how far
I can get. So the next day I knew that non-farm payroll was gonna come out at around 8.30 pm Singapore
time. So I waited for that and I just told myself that why not just try your luck and trade it for some
quick profits. That is called gambling, not trading. At 8.30 pm when the non-farm payroll news came out,
price started collapsing. So I immediately entered for a sell with a 3 standard lot size. At that point
of time, my heart was pumping so fast because I was literally risking my entire account on that one
trade. It was all in on nothing. And then price started reversing against me and it went all the way
back up by 100 pips. At that point of time, I got margin caught and I blew my account and my account
literally went into like negative. When I saw that, I froze. I didn't know what to do. I was so devastated
that I started crying on my bed and I started punching my pillow. I regret taking that trade so
much. I wish I could turn back time to stop myself from taking that one trade and just withdraw my profits.
Now I'm back to square one. I'm back to $0. The worst part was that I just told my parents that I
made a few thousand dollars from trading and I can potentially do this full time. Now what should
I tell them? I never told them the loss. The next day, I asked my dad for $1,000 so that I can pay my
school fees, which was a lie. And I immediately deposited half of that into my small account. So
now my small account have another $500 to trade with. I wanted to get back the $10,000 that I lost
so bad. So I started revenge trading. I forced trades. Even though there's no clear confluences,
there's no clear opportunities in the market. Bad trades lead to losses and I ended up blowing that
account as well. Now bear in mind that at the point of time, my dad was already 60 year old and he's
still working hard as hell as a real estate agent to put food on the table. So do you know how
embarrassing it was when my dad asked me where the money went? So I did this for a few times. I'll deposit
money and blow that account until one day, I was so sick of losing money. So that one day, I decided to
get my shit together and started learning how to become a professional trader who does not trade
based on his emotions. So that was when I first started learning about trading psychology and the
mental game of trading, which is exactly why I'm making this video to remind my past self,
or rather remind you guys that technical analysis is not all there is to trading. You need proper
mindset. You need to defeat the mental game of trading, which is the hardest. The biggest mistake
that you can make as a trader is to be attached to your trades. You are attached to how you want
things to be rather than acknowledging what they are. If you are attached to your losses and wins,
your whole trading journey will be held. For example, let's say you enter for a buy here and you start
seeing the trade go against you and price starts falling heavily because of seller's liquidity. Instead
of being flexible and pivoting your position to enter for a sell instead, you continue to marry your
trade. You continue to sit there, pray to God that eventually the market will reverse and go back up so
that you can eventually get into profit. But no, the market goes down even further and further and
eventually you ended up getting up with a big loss because you can't take it anymore. In reality, the market
was neither good or bad because it's doing exactly what it does. Go up or go down. Which is why you
need to accept these 3 harsh truths about trading. The market is always right. The market does not care
about you. The market is not a human but an irrational, uncontrollable entity. To trade well,
you need peace of mind. To get peace of mind, you must learn detachment. Once again, emotional control is
not the solution. Emotional resolution is. Develop the ability to stand aside and observe not just the
market action but also your thinking. Watch the market with a mind of interest and curiosity, not one
of judgment and labeling. Give your mind the time and space it needs to open and reflect. So from now on,
I want you to monitor your emotions before, during and after you trade. This will allow you to know
yourself better as a trader so you know what to work on. So here's my 3 step system to reach emotional
resolution. The first step is to map your pattern. To have a clear understanding of what you will encounter
on a daily basis, you should identify an overall macro view of your emotional volatility. You also need to
get a clear understanding of what these emotional reactions look like on a micro level so that you
can quickly spot them and minimize the damage when you are live trading. Start looking closely at the
specific emotions, thoughts, decisions and actions that are automatically triggered when you are trading.
They are the data that will help you understand the entire problem. For example, let's say you're
scrolling through twitter today and you start seeing some traders saying that this crypto coin is up
20%, immediately you feel a sense of missing out. You don't want to miss out on this once in a lifetime
opportunity. In this case, it might look like FOMO on a surface level, on a macro level. But if you dive
deep, FOMO can actually mean more than one thing. It can be a sense of greed because you think that if you
miss out on this opportunity, you won't be able to find other good money making opportunities in the
future. That is wrong because there's always opportunities in the market. If you miss out on
this one, the next one comes in the next 5 minutes. In this case, FOMO can also indicate anger. You can
get pissed off because you see other people making money from this opportunity while you don't. And this
feeling violates your sense of control. I want you to look at the instances where you experience FOMO and
try to write down specifically what's going through your mind and what are you feeling at that moment.
When you map your emotional patterns like FOMO, greed and doubt, you will realize that these patterns
happen very frequently and consistently. And if you don't fix them, they will always come back to you
and hold you back from trading success. When you are trading on a live account, you are dealing with
an emotional higher power that has the ability to shut down your brain. Listen carefully. Your own
emotions shut down the part of your brain that control your emotions which is the tricky part because
it's easy to be rational and logical before you trade because you haven't experienced any emotions yet.
But once you are put inside the trench, facing the enemies on the other side, trading your hard-earned
money, you start to experience all these emotions and you won't be able to think clearly. To fix this,
you need to look at the early warning signs when the emotions are still small. You have to be prepared
by understanding your emotional patterns, understanding how to disrupt them and learn how to catch it early.
Because if you don't, your emotions will get a hold of you and you will just keep making the same
mistakes over and over again. You will just keep losing money and blowing accounts after accounts.
There will be absolutely no progress in your trading performance which means you will never become a
profitable trader. I have created the rational framework to help you map out your emotions and
I'm giving it to you for free. Link in the description. Use the rational framework to map your emotional
patterns and also to record down your trades. So now I'm going to show you how to use the rational
framework. And so if you go to the link in the description to download the rational framework,
right, you'll be directed to this website where you have to fill in your email. After you have
filled in your email, you submitted, this rational framework template will be sent to your email. So
you need to open your email and check it out. Now basically, when you come on to this rational
framework website, you'll see that the rational framework emotions are not evil. They are sickness
to use and learn from. Get curious about what they are trying to tell you. So this is just like a little
reminder for you. And then over here, this is the whole purpose of the rational framework. Use the
rational framework to map your emotional patterns and record your trades. And basically, whenever
you want to map out your emotions, just press this at a framework and then you can write down maybe
the date like, okay, 19th June. And then you can see this is all the things that you need to fill in
so that you can really map out your emotions. I have done like a little example for you which you
can see right here. So let's just go through the example real quick. So the first thing you have to
fill in is the triggers. What compelled or triggered you to get into the trade? Maybe it could be you
saw your confluence, your favorite confluence. Morningstar form at this key level. Price reversed
at this key level. Whatever it is, fill that in. Next, put down the thoughts. What are you thinking
about before you enter the trade? This is basically like a thought process, right? Like what is your mind
telling you before you enter the trade? Example, your mind could be telling you, oh, price is reversing
right now. I better get in as soon as possible before missing out on this trade. Next one is like
the whole point of this entire framework emotions, right? How do you feel before and after taking the
trade? Do you feel angry or scared or fear of missing out? Whatever emotion that you are feeling,
write that down, okay? Write down the emotion that you feel before and also write down the emotion that
you feel after taking a trade. Example, maybe you could have been having a bad day, right? Maybe you just
broke up your girlfriend. Bad day, then you could write, oh, I'm sad today. And perhaps that's not
the best environment to trade in but you still decide to go on to trade and they end up with a
loss. Oh my god, I see a huge candlestick right now. I have to get in right now. Fear of missing out,
put that in. So, or maybe another thing is, I want to get back at the market for causing me to lose a few
trades in a row for the past few days. Past few days, I've been going through a losing streak and now I want
to revenge trade so that I can get back the money that I lost. So that can be another example of an emotion.
Next, put down your behavior. What do you do with your position? Do you scale in or do you scale out?
Whatever that you do with your open position, write it down. Example, I'm hyper-focused on one
position so I did not scale in even though I saw opportunities to scale in. So that could be a
mistake, right? Because in trading, you want to add on to your winner. So if you're winning big and you
see opportunities to scale in, to add on, by all means go ahead and scale in. Next, actions. What are you
doing when you are inside the trade? Are you constantly checking your profit and loss? So, example,
I'm constantly staring at the charts and looking at my profit and loss. I can't even stand up to go
to the toilet, right? This is bad, guys. Please don't ever be just mindlessly looking at the charts.
Next, changes to your decision making. Did your initial decision change? Do you move your stop loss
and take profit unnecessarily? So, example is I'm focused on revenge trading and getting my money back.
Next, changes in market perception. Are you viewing the market for what it is or are you imposing your
thoughts onto the market? So, maybe you could be thinking the market should go up now. I think that
I can predict where the market is gonna go. Last but not least, calm down to these trading mistakes
and be honest with yourself, right? No one will be looking at this journalist framework. Just be
honest with yourself and jot down any and every single trading mistakes they've committed. Example
could be revenge trading, forcing trades when there is no opportunities, getting out of a good trade. So, yeah,
I've written down my few examples. Revenge trading, being too close-minded and imposing my thoughts
onto the market instead of being flexible and adjusting my position when I saw that this was
not a valid reversal. And I also failed to look at the overall big picture because I did not do my
top-down analysis. I was stuck in one time frame and I only focused on one time frame. So, all of these
could be trading mistakes that you can review and learn from so that in the future, you do not commit
these mistakes, right? So, this entire framework will allow you to map out all your emotional patterns
and really get a better understanding of your feelings when you are trading. So, like I said,
before you trade, go on to this place right here, add a new framework, type in the day, date,
whatever you wanna type in to like kind of remind yourself that, okay, this is the trade I took.
Maybe it could be a gold trade, right? And then hashtag one, number one, number one gold trade. And
over here, there you can write down, okay, the triggers, the thoughts, the emotions, the behaviors,
actions, changes, and trading mistakes, right? So, use this framework to your advantage. I really,
really took up my time and spent a few hours creating this entire rational framework so that
you guys can really become a better trader and get a better understanding of your emotions. So,
yeah, just go download it, man. Use the winning trading journal to record and journal down your
trades. And then use the rational framework to monitor your emotions when you are trading. If you
can just do this for 21 days straight, it will eventually become a good habit that will help you
become a better trader. The second step is to identify the roots of your problem. You can't
correct a problem you can't see. So, to get to the real reason behind your problems, you need to dig
deeper. You need to uncover the hidden flaws, biases, and wrong ideas, including errors in learning that
are preventing you from progressing. And you can refer to the first step where you have mapped your pattern.
Look at the rational framework to identify the sickness that a problem has been triggered. Recognize
that a problem has been triggered so you can actually correct it. So, if you want to identify the
roots of your problem, follow these 4 steps. Describe the problem in detail. Explain why do you have this
problem. Explain why the logic in step 2 is flawed. Come up with a correction to that flawed logic. Most
traders can get consistent profit on a demo account but struggle to do so in a live account. On a demo
account, they feel calm and relaxed and can execute the trades with precision. On a live account, they
feel uncertain, hesitant, and they start overthinking. This didn't exist when they trade on a demo account
because the results don't actually matter. Losing and winning on a demo account doesn't really have an
impact on your life at all so emotions are rarely involved. The basketball player who can shoot all
the free throws in practice but end up missing the free throws in NBA. The new actor who is able to speak
clearly during rehearsals but starts stuttering and can't deliver on stage. The music artist who can
sing beautifully in the studio but forgets her lyrics on stage. Just like the basketball player, the actor,
and the music artist. If you believe that demo and a live account is the same, there's a fundamental
flaw in your concept. The flaw here is not that you feel some emotions on a live account. The flaw here is
expecting your body to trade live without emotions which is simply impossible. Most traders believe
that there's a quick fix to correcting their emotional problems with greed, fear, anger, confidence, and
discipline. Just like how you can't become a profitable trader overnight. You need to go through
a learning process to eliminate a mental problem. Think for a moment about the quality of the trades
that you have taken over the last 6 to 12 months. There are times where your decisions are spot on and
you win every single trade. There are times where every trade you take leads to a loss. Aiming for perfection
in trading is like aiming at a moving target because there are so many variables that can impact your
trading performance like whether or not you had enough sleep, you ate right, exercise, or you felt
physically healthy and emotionally stable before you trade. Now add these variables on top of how complex
and unpredictable the market is. Now the key here is to focus on reducing your variations in your trading
performance. Treat yourself as an athlete. Do you want to become the LeBron James or Tiger Woods in
trading? That means you have to make sacrifices. That means everything in your life have to revolve
around trading. That means you need to have enough sleep, eat a healthy diet and exercise so that you can
optimize your body and your mind so you can perform your best when you trade. The third step is to correct
your problem. Instead of focusing on growing your account, focus on correcting your current greatest
weaknesses consistently. If you want to improve as a trader so you can make more money from trading, you
must commit to eliminating these weaknesses or problems. These weaknesses have the power to hold
you back and if you don't work on them consistently, you will never become profitable at trading. This is part of
your growth on the journey to become a profitable trader. So you must do this. This step is where you
attack the problem by doing the correction. Here's where you learn how to stop your reactions in real time
and minimize your mistakes. Firstly, you need to understand that when your emotions are high, logic is
low. Correcting your reaction is a combination of having the correct logic and ensuring the logic is
so clearly defined in your mind that it's strong enough to stop its patterns in its tracks. So after
you have identified the pattern, you want to disrupt its momentum because if you don't, the threat is
going to become a loss and you will get the same results as you always do. So as soon as you recognize
that your pattern has been triggered, take a deep breath or stand up and go take a walk or even talk to
your friends. Next, you want to inject logic to drown out your emotions. You can do this by talking to
yourself and coming up with logical sentences about the emotions. Here's a few examples. If you are
lacking confidence, tell yourself, I spent thousands of hours on this plan. Am I really gonna let this
one trade change it? If you are scared to fail, tell yourself, sometimes the risk from staying on the
sidelines is the greater risk. If you are losing focus, tell yourself, trading is a business so I have
to run it like a serious business that demands my best. When the session is over, I can focus on other
things. Not now. I know this sounds stupid as hell, but trust me, this will work. The whole concept here
is to increase your logic when your emotions are high so that your logic can overpower your emotions
and you can actually think clearly with your head. Create specific and achievable weekly goals with
daily benchmarks to measure progress. This will allow you to focus on sucking less rather than making money.
Focus on the process and execution instead of the P and L. In this way, you will be able to tolerate the
ups and downs of trading much better and also enjoy trading more because you are focusing on what you
can control. So now, rinse and repeat this whole system. What's the result of this three-part system?
The result is when you trade, you will realize that you are more calm and you have a peace of mind. You are not
trying to control your emotions or letting your emotions control you. Instead, you are aware of
your emotions and you have came to a resolution with it. Imagine not having fear, greed, doubt or
confidence or discipline problems at all. That alone is worth the hard work to get there. And if you use
this three-step system, you will get there. Throughout your entire life, you have been conditioned that
mistakes and losses are bad. When you go to school, you get looked down upon because you have
shit grids. When you go to work, your boss scolds you for making careless mistakes. So naturally,
we feel that mistakes are bad, losses are bad. But what if I tell you that losses are not bad?
Pretend you are a gambler for a minute. Let's say you are playing a roulette right now. If it lands on
red six times in a row, will you expect the next one to be black? Or let's say you are rolling a dice.
If you roll a dice and it doesn't generate a winning number, will you be angry? Now this is what we call
the gambler's fallacy or the Monte Carlo fallacy. This fallacy occurs when you believe that a certain
random event is more likely or less likely to happen based on the outcome of the previous event or a
series of events. In trading, anything can happen at any point of time. You must accept the fact that
the market can do anything, anytime. Trading is not about predicting the future because that cannot be done.
Once you can accept this fact, it is much easier to take losses without taking a hit to your self-esteem.
Which means you won't feel like a shitty trader when you enter a losing streak. Because for each trade
that you take, you expect a random outcome. You know that a single trade is unique and has no memory.
No matter how confident you are, the chances of you winning that trade is still 50%. Expect there to be
losses 50% of the time. Embrace the fact that losses and wins are inevitable to any trading strategy.
If you can't learn to accept small losses, sooner or later you will take big losses. What separates
successful traders from unsuccessful traders is the ability to accept trading unpredictability in the
short term but equally have faith in the law of large numbers in the long term. When you truly
accept the fact that trading is simply a probability game, concepts like win or lose, rights or wrong
will no longer matter. Now how do you achieve peak performance when you are trading? Just like an
athlete, it takes thousands of hours of practice and training to become the best trader possible. We have
to develop the skill to make good risk and reward decisions. And to do that, I have three steps for you.
Plan the trade, trade the plan, review and adjust the plan. Plan the trade. If you fail to plan,
you plan to fail which is why you must have a solid trading plan so that you can be consistent in your
decision making. So you know what are the trades that you should take and what are the trades that
you should avoid. A trading plan should explain where to enter and exit the trade, how to manage the
trade once you are inside one and what is your correct position size that you should be using. A trading plan
must be structured to minimize losses when you are wrong and maximize profits when you are correct
about a trade. A trading plan will help to redirect your decision making process from your emotions and
prevent you from making mistakes based on your emotions. Trade the plan is about taking the trading
plan that you have created and following it religiously. Your plan is useless unless you execute it.
Fear comes from uncertainty, fear of losing, fear of failure, fear of making mistakes. If you have a trading
plan that is proven to work, it will remove some of that uncertainty. Do the right thing at the right
time. This means following your trading plan, executing trades based on your trading plan,
knowing when to get in and get out and how you are going to manage risks and losses.
Review and adjust the plan. Professional athletes are always reviewing their past performance and
thinking about ways they can do better next time. We are the same. We need to review our trades
and look for the small improvement that we can make so that we can potentially become better and
actually test out this improvement. 90% of your losses occur because you do not follow your trading
plan. You keep moving your stop loss because you are afraid to be wrong so you'd rather be right than
to make money. You over leverage and use a lot size way too big for your account because you are greedy.
A lot of these trading psychology issues can really be fixed if you just follow your trading plan and we
only realize this after the trading day has ended. After we have already committed the mistakes that
lead to the losses. If you are doing the right thing all the time, taking the trades that are
aligned with your trading plan, then you have nothing to worry about. If you focus on trading your system
with unwavering discipline and focus, the profits will eventually come. Focus on your process and not
short-term results. One trade can have a random outcome but 100 trades can be used as a filter to profit
from your edge. If trading is a video game, I have literally gave you the cheat codes to win.
And if you want to participate in the giveaway of 200k funded accounts, you need to watch all four
videos of Roadmap to Mastery series from the start till the end and also follow me on all my social
media accounts. Link in the description. And also go on to my Instagram at the trading gig and tag
three friends on the most recent posts. I will randomly pick two lucky winners to win this 100k funded
account and I will announce the results soon on my Instagram at guangyi or at the trading gig,
right? So make sure you follow me on there. This is the final episode of Roadmap to Mastery series and
I hope that you have learned and enjoyed every single episode. Now watching once is not enough to fully
grasp and understand the concepts being shared in these videos. You have been conditioned to be a losing
trader for so long. And to rewire your brain and reprogram your subconscious mind for success, you need to go and
rewatch the four episodes from Roadmap to Mastery series again and this time take action. I hope that
you rewatch this series again and again and utilize it as a tool to trigger yourself to find the answers
that are already lying inside you. You don't have to believe and use everything within this series. Grab a
hold of the things that you think are useful and put them into action immediately. You won't have to
implement all of the strategies or use all of the tools in the series to make some major changes. All
four videos have life-changing potential individually. However, if you use all these four videos, you will be
able to create, live and enjoy the life you have always been dreaming of. How are you going to live the
next five years of your life? Because five years from now, you will surely arrive at your destination. The
question is, where would you have arrived? And who would you have became? Now is the perfect time to
design the next five years of your life. Stop waiting. Check out all the resources that I have
linked in the description that will help you become a profitable trader. And as always,
remember, you're just one trade away.
