A lot of trading advice you see online is absolutely bull.
Oh, use the martingale strategy.
Use a 1 is to 1000 leverage so they can make millions on a $100 account.
Now cut all this crap out because I'm here to show you how to actually grow your small
trading account fast.
So here are 5 secrets to exponential profits.
The first step is to choose good brokers that offer high leverage.
The biggest decision you can make in your trading journey is the broker that you choose
to trade with.
Choose the wrong broker and you risk losing your hard-earned money.
Choose the correct broker and you will be able to trade with peace.
If you are trying to grow your small trading account, you will be able to grow it so much
faster if you use a higher leverage.
Higher leverage means that you will be risking more money to earn more money.
For example, let's say that you have $100 inside your trading account.
If you use a 1 is to 50 leverage, you will have a buying power of $5,000 and this will
allow you to trade up to 0.05 lots, which is 5 micro lots.
However, if you use a 1 is to 500 leverage, now you have a higher buying power of $50,000
and this will allow you to trade up to 0.5 lots, which is 5 mini lots.
This means that you can risk more money to earn 10 times more money just because you
pick a higher leverage.
Now, bear in mind that leverage is a double-edged sword.
It can cause you to make a lot of money fast, but it can also cause you to lose a lot of
money fast.
Now, do I recommend you doing this?
Hell no, because you will have a higher chance of blowing your account.
But hey, I'm just here to share with you how I personally grew my small trading accounts.
So if you do decide to use leverage, make sure you do not over-leverage and blow your
account.
Make sure you set proper risk parameters, practice proper risk management and use leverage
to your advantage.
Now, thousands of brokers have asked me to promote their broker on my YouTube channel
and one of them even offered to pay me $50,000 if I just make one video on them.
And I have never accepted any of these sponsorship offers because the last thing I want to do
is to jeopardize your hard-earned money.
So don't use a trading broker just because your favorite trading guru created it or they
promoted it.
There was this one time in 2021 where I deposited around $150 into a trading broker that this
YouTuber recommended.
I thought that it was safe to use and it was regulated and licensed just because this YouTuber
promoted it.
And I swear to God, they shut down and froze everybody's funds the next month.
They did not let anyone withdraw their money at all.
So they pretty much ran away with my $150 that I earned from working an 8-hour sheath as a
restaurant waiter.
I was pissed off and I started emailing them but nobody replied.
This is exactly why it is so important for you to do proper research before deciding on
what broker to use.
Choose a broker that is regulated, licensed and safe to use.
Choose one that offers low commissions and fees because they add up especially if you are
trading a small account.
Choose one that offers responsive and knowledgeable customer report and make sure that you evaluate
the reputation of the broker by looking at the ratings and reviews left by other traders.
Nowadays, I personally only use licensed brokers like Oanda or IG because I no longer need an
account with high leverage since I'm trading with a larger capital right now.
But I'll talk more about this at probably towards the end of the video where I give my unfiltered
advice to small account traders.
The second secret is only take high priority trade setups.
I had made about $1,000 on a $250 account in just 2 days.
Even though back then I had no idea on how lot sizes and risk management worked yet.
I couldn't believe that I had just made my monthly salary in just 2 days.
That was the day that changed everything.
That was the day that I decided to pursue trading full time and trade trading much more seriously.
Now during those 2 days, what I did was that I was only focused on taking high probability
trade setups.
Now the question becomes what defines a high priority trade setup?
That means that I will only take the trade if it passes this 5 step test.
Firstly, establish a trend direction.
So if it's an uptrend, I'm going to be entering for a buy.
And if it's a downtrend, I'm going to be entering for a sell.
Secondly, I'm going to be looking for my trade trigger.
So this could be in some form of confluences that tell me that I should enter for the trade.
Be it candlestick patterns, chart patterns, key levels, Fibonacci, moving average, whatever.
Thirdly, stop loss.
If I'm entering for a sell, I'm going to be placing my stop loss above the swing high
or above the key resistance level.
Fourthly, take profit.
For take profit, I'm going to be taking profit at the next key level.
And the last critical factor is the risk to reward ratio.
Only take trades that offer you a reward that is 2 times greater than your risk.
If losing $50 means that you have reached your stop loss,
your target profit should be at least $100 or more.
When I'm trading, the minimum risk to reward ratio is 1 is to 2.
If it's less than that, I'm not going to be taking that trade.
Please, for God's sake, guys, do not try to trade every single setup that you see.
If not, your account will suffer.
Preserve your trading capital instead of wasting it on low-quality trade setups
which you know for a fact that they will not work.
Resist the urge to trade on impulse and instead, wait for the trading opportunities
that is aligned with your trading plan and your trading strategy.
When you truly develop patience, you will be able to make much more logical decisions
and you will stop chasing short-term profits which will compromise your long-term goals.
The third secret is to increase your risk as your small account gets bigger.
The only way you can build muscle is through progressive overload.
You will not get stronger or more muscular if you are just doing 12 reps of bicep curls
using 4kg of dumbbells for 1 year straight.
You have to slowly increase the reps or the weight in order to overload your muscles.
This concept applies in trading as well.
You probably heard about the 1% rule which states that
you should only risk 1% of your trading account on any single trade.
Now, you must understand that risking 1% on a $100 account
is different from risking 1% on a $100,000 account.
If you risk 1% on your $100 account, you're going to be making $2 profit
and that is not going to put food on the table, man.
The amount of money that you should be risking per trade depends on your risk tolerance
and the quality of your trade setup.
Determine your risk tolerance because it's different for everyone.
I myself is comfortable with risking $1,000 on a single trade
but you might not be okay with that.
You might only be okay with risking $50 on each trade
and that is perfectly fine because everyone have different risk appetite.
Before you enter a trade, you must determine your risk per trade
and then choose a proper lot size.
Always think about how much money you will lose if the trade does not go as planned.
Are you comfortable with losing that amount of money?
If not, use a smaller lot size.
Since you are only taking high-propriety trade setups,
you can risk up to 10% of your account on a single trade
until your account eventually reaches $1,000.
Then you'll be risking 10% of $1,000,
not 10% of $100 which is the initial amount that you started with.
Always progressive overload so your account gets bigger
and never ever risk too much money on a single trade
meaning that you should not risk 50% of your account on a high-propriety trade setup.
I need you to wake up and understand that you will not get rich
by only risking $1 on each trade.
You won't make money if you are scared to lose money.
Drill that into your brain.
The fourth secret is compounding your account.
You open up Instagram and you see one of those finance motivational videos that say,
Oh, compounding is the 8th wonder of the world.
If you invest $1,000 and you make an average return of 20% per year,
you will end up with a whopping $230,000 at the end of 30 years.
So what?
Am I supposed to enjoy my dream life only when I'm old and grey?
Why not get rich right now in your 20s and in your 30s where you still have the time and energy
to go out there to enjoy your dream life, travel the world and gain new experiences?
I don't believe in the stock market compounding shit
because it is absolutely impossible for you to make 20% per year consistently
because of the changing market conditions.
Rather than letting the market decide how you compound your account,
why not take control of your own compounding?
And you can do that by reinvesting your profits
and also adding funds regularly into your account.
Add funds into your account regularly.
The more money that you have inside your trading account,
the more money you can reach on each trade and in return, the more money you can earn.
Now, make no mistake.
I am not telling you to deposit all your life savings into your trading account
because I did that once and it was an absolutely horrible, horrible life decision that I regret.
You should only deposit your disposable income, the money that you can afford to lose
because once you put that money into your trading account,
you must automatically assume that it is gone forever.
Reinvest your profits.
Choose short-term pain for long-term gain.
Delay gratification.
Instead of withdrawing your profits to go and buy your favorite pair of Nike sneakers,
you should be reinvesting the profits back into the account so that it can compound exponentially.
Now, the downside of compounding is that it will take a very, very long time
for you to see any significant returns and you have to be okay with that
because it takes a lot of time for the compounding effect to work.
That is why you need to be patient because good things take time.
The fifth secret is to obsess over the R-multiple rather than the money.
Most of us started trading because we wanted to get rich and make lots of money.
But do you realize that when you obsess over your profits, you actually tend to lose more money?
By focusing on your profits, you are slowly destroying your account without even realizing it.
For example, let's say that you're trading a small $500 account
and you enter for a buy on EURUSD and you made a small $30 profit from it.
Now, you start to think to yourself,
I spent so much time analyzing the charts just so that I can only make $30
while all these other traders out there are making thousands of dollars on one trade.
You might get lucky and flip the account to $1,000
but eventually, your beginner luck will run out.
You blow your entire trading account and you lose all your hard-earned money.
If you are not disciplined, the market will humble you and put you in your place.
When you are trading a small account, of course, your profits and your loss will be smaller.
You cannot be expecting to make thousands of dollars when you are trading a $50 account, bro.
So instead of focusing on the money, obsess over the R-multiple.
I learned about this concept when I was reading the book Super Trader by Dr. Van K. Thup
and it changed the way that I trade forever.
The R-multiple is your gain or loss compared to the risk that you took on a trade.
Here's a few examples.
If you risk $10 on a trade and you make back $30, that's plus 3R.
If you risk $100 on a trade and you make $50, that's plus 0.5R.
If you risk $200 on the trade and you lost $300, that is minus 1.5R.
When you start to focus on your R-multiple, you'll be more objective and rational when
analyzing your trading performance.
You will no longer be affected by the huge loss or the small profits that you made on
your trading account.
And then that is when you can finally start to focus on the process rather than the outcome.
And when you focus on the right things, eventually money will come.
Now I want to share with you some honest and unfiltered advice for all the small account
traders out there.
Understand that small accounts won't allow you to last in this game.
You'll eventually blow your small account unless you are the lucky 0.00001% that managed
to grow it into 6 figures.
If you want to trade for the long term, small accounts just won't do it, right?
You need at least 5K to 10K in order to trade full time.
That is why you should trade small accounts as a way to practice, make mistakes and learn
from your mistakes.
But if you want to trade full time, I'm afraid to say this, but you need to hear it.
Small accounts will just not do it.
If you are serious about trading and you want to trade trading as a business, you need to
have a larger trading capital and you can only get that by increasing your income.
So find ways to earn more money, make more money, be it from your job or even trying a
new side hustle.
However, if you have a small amount of money, but you want to get access to a larger trading
capital, what you can do is to try to get funded accounts by prop firms like FTMO.
But the harsh truth is that most small account traders, they can't seem to pass the prop firm
challenges because they are not used to trading a larger trading account and they are not used
to the risk parameters that is required to pass the challenge.
That is why you need to practice more on your demo account.
Try to get a consistently profitable track record first before you even think about getting
funded by prop firms.
Because if you skip the process and you immediately go out there and buy a prop firm challenge,
right now with no profitable track record, you are just wasting your time and your money.
Now, if you're looking for a trading strategy to grow your small Forex account fast, check
out this strategy that I have right here.
Trust me, it works.
And remember, you're just one trade away.
