If you can master and spot liquidity early, you will be able to enter the trade right before smart
money does and take advantage of this huge move and make a shit ton of money fast. So what exactly
is liquidity? Most trading gurus and idiots try to make these liquidity concepts seem like something
so hard to understand and complex. But I promise you that by the end of this lesson, you will be
able to fully understand what is liquidity and how to spot liquidity correctly. So what exactly is
liquidity? You must understand that for every buyer, there is a seller because there needs to be a
seller on the other side to fulfill your buy order. This also means that for every winner, there will
be a loser. That's just how trading is like. And every time you lose a trade, you are essentially
adding liquidity into the market. This is the key about what we're going to cover later.
So this is what it kind of looks like, right? You are a retail trader, you get your trade stopped out
because the smart money is so smart enough to know that you are an absolute idiot and purposely going
to push the price down, trigger a stop loss. You lose your hard money or they just make a shit ton of
money. Now, liquidity is not a problem for retail traders like us because we are not trading with
a large sum of money. However, it is a problem for the big financial institutions because they are
trading with millions and millions of dollars, which means if they want to enter for a buy,
right? They want to buy EURUSD with a million dollars. They need to look for someone who is
willing to sell a million dollars worth of EURUSD to them, which is extremely rare. Therefore,
they need a large amount of liquidity in the market in order to place large orders.
And how do you think they're going to get this liquidity? By causing you to lose. Because when
you lose, you add liquidity into the market. Remember? So let's see what this actually looks
like on the charts. So when you see this, you probably think that price is in the uptrend,
right? Because price is creating a higher highs and higher lows and higher highs and higher lows.
And right now, price is creating a high highs. So let's say you enter for a buy somewhere right
around here. And the first thing, like the first thing you'll do is to place your stop loss right
below this last swing low right here. Now, let's say on the other hand of this market, on the other
side of this market, smart money want to buy EURUSD in bulk, okay? And they need a lot of sellers in
order to fulfill that order, right? So right below this swing low, we have stop losses from the current
buyers who are inside the buy position, their long position. In addition to that, we also have the
breakout or rather the reversal traders. The people who have a sell order somewhere right around here
so that if price actually break through the previous low, they will be entered into a sell position.
So here there is sell stops and there is also stop losses of current buyers. So this is what smart money
will do. They will purposely manipulate price to grab liquidity by triggering the stop losses of the
current buyers and the sell stops of the sellers. And this is exactly why it is imperative that you
train your eyes to spot liquidity because if you don't, you are most likely going to become a victim
and lose your hard-earned money if you're on the wrong side of the market. In this case, what smart money
did was that they purposely manipulate the buyers to actually enter for buy orders right here and
place their stop loss below this low. And also all the sellers who have their sell stop at this
area right here. And then they purposely push the price down, triggering all the orders that we have
right here. And all these buyers and sellers, they're out of the market right now. And when they lose a
trade, remember they add liquidity into the market. And that costs price to just hit up in like a
like a rocket way, like a literally skyrocket. All right. And when this happens, this is actually
what we call a liquidity sweep, right? Where price has already created that liquidity sweep. Come down
here, grab all the liquidity before fueling the up move right here and continue heading back up.
Now, quite simply put, liquidity is basically handing buy or sell orders plus stop losses. Now the question
becomes how do you exactly spot liquidity when you are trading? And that is where the concept of
liquidity zones come in. So liquidity zones are basically where resting pools of orders are sitting
and where institutional activity may have occurred. Like I said, our job as traders is to follow the
footprints of the institution traders, the big financial institutions, the smart money, because we
understand that they are in charge of this huge move. And in order for us to, you know, get in with those
huge move with them and trade with them rather than against them, we have to understand these liquidity
zones and make sure that we identify them properly. So there are a few type of places where there will be a lot
of liquidity, right? And those are your equal highs and lows, your swing highs and lows, your trend lines and your
support and resistance levels. If you look at these liquidity zones, right, you'll realize that these
are actually things that retail traders look at. Things like your trend lines, your support and
resistance levels, even your double top and double bottom right here, right? Retail traders are looking
at this and they are placing their buy or sell orders based on these patterns that are showing on the
charts. And that is exactly why these are pending orders yet to be filled, which give us liquidity.
So let's go through one by one. So if you look at equal highs and equal lows, this is actually your
double top and double bottom chart pattern, right? It's where price creates the first stop and then
come back up to retest their top before collapsing. And when retail traders, they see this, they will
most likely enter for a sell right here, right? After price creates double bottom, I mean double top.
And what happens next is that they're going to be placing their stop loss above these stops right
here. And this gives us liquidity, right? And there will also be breakout traders who will place their
buy orders right here, right? Pending buy orders right here. So that if price eventually break above
this highest right here, they will be triggered to enter for a buy order. So you can see buy orders
right here. That is also stop losses right here for the seller's right here. And both of that give us
liquidity at this area right here, your liquidity zone. And sometimes what smart money will do is that
if there's not enough liquidity for this move to happen, right? Price will be pushed up right here,
triggering out all the orders, all the buy orders, all the stop losses right here before pushing back
down here and go back in that particular direction. Because right here, it created your liquidity sweep,
right? It gives the price enough fuel to continue this down move. So this would have been somewhat of
like a liquidity zone right here that have been tapped into. Same thing with the double bottom,
right? Just the opposite of a double top, right? That is liquidity below these lows right here.
And smart money, they might push the price down here, break past the previous swing lows,
grab liquidity before heading back up. Now next is your swing highs and your swing lows, right?
We know that in the uptrend, price is creating your higher highs and higher lows. And in the downtrend,
price is creating your lower highs and lower lows. And within this swing highs and swing lows,
there will be your stop losses, your pending buy or sell orders once again. There will be liquidity.
Now in this scenario right here, price actually created an up move right here before it starts
retracing and then creating another push phase and create your new higher high right here, right?
And then what happens next was that price actually goes down and actually break past the last higher
low, right? And when this happens, this could signify to us that price is about to change,
this uptrend that we had previously could potentially be changing into a downtrend. In this scenario
right here, what price will most likely do is that price is going to come up here to somewhere right
around here and create a lower high before continue back down, right? Because chances are if price break
through the last higher low to somewhere right around here, it won't have enough liquidity to
continue this down move and go all the way straight down, right? Remember, price will always have to
retrace and that is why it needs to retrace so that they can have more liquidity before pushing price
down even further. And that is why price will retrace to this zone right here and grab the liquidity
around this area, create a lower high before continuing down even further. Same thing in this
bearish scenario right here, right? Price will most likely come down here, retest, create a new higher
low right here before continuing the uptrend. Now if you are still unclear of what liquidity is,
liquidity is basically a magnet for a price to be attracted to because the market needs to
rebalance and in order to fuel further move, right? Because the price cannot go up forever or go down
forever. It's to go down, retrace a little bit so that they can gain more fuel just like a car
before continuing and heading back down, right? The market will never ever move up or down in a
straight line. It needs some sort of fuel and that is where liquidity come in. And then you have your
trend lines, right? Trend lines is where, you know, if price is creating an uptrend, right? You can draw
your trend line connecting all these higher lows right here, which means all the stop losses are
going to be below all these higher lows as well. And which means there's going to be liquidity below
this area right here. So that is exactly why sometimes smart money, what they will do is that
they will push the price down and actually break past the trend line and actually still head back up,
right? Because they know for a fact that if they push the price break past the trend line that we
have right here, you retail traders are going to think that this trend line is no longer working
and you will get out of your position or you might even enter for a sell because you see this as a
trend line break. And indeed that scenario, you have been 100% wrong because smart money will just
push the price up like this. Once again, this happens sometimes, not all the time, but sometimes.
Sometimes a trend line break will be valid. Sometimes it won't. And lastly, we have our support
and resistance levels. The most simple concept that you guys learn when you start trading and
is actually the biggest threat, right? Because like I said, smart money knows that you are trading
based on this support and resistance levels, and they're going to take advantage of you,
right? They're going to take advantage of your stupid brain. So what they're going to do is that
they know that you can have a resistance right here. They'll push the price up, break past the
resistance, triggering your stop loss for the sellers, and also making the buyers think that
price is going to break out right now. And then they're going to push the price back down, and then
they're going to break past the support, and then they're going to push the price back up and down,
and they're just going to play mind games with you, right? And in reality, what they are already
doing is that they are already trying to trigger your stop losses, you know, cause you to get out of
your trade, so you add more liquidity into the market, and feel their move. And a lot of times,
you will see this pattern happen over and over again, where you maybe enter for a buy right here,
and you'll place your stop loss like below this low. Price will purposely get all the way down here,
push all the way down here, hunt your stop loss, trigger your stop loss before heading back up in that
particular direction. And then you're sitting there regretting like, oh my god, I should have placed my
stop loss wider because price purposely hit my stop loss, and then go up. Oh no, I'm bitch. Oh no,
my trade didn't go as planned. Now in that case, you deserve it because you don't understand how
liquidity works. If you understand how liquidity works, you will know exactly what price is going
to do next. And that is when this quote comes in. If you can't identify the liquidity, then you are
most likely than liquidity. Now let's go on to the charts and actually apply whatever we have learned
so far about liquidity and see how all this works on the charts. So when you look at any chart,
right, the first, first thing, the first step you should do is to identify the market structure.
I've mentioned this for like the past three years, right? The first thing, identify the market
structure. Because you cannot spot liquidity if you don't even know what's the overall trend
direction. You don't even know what's the overall order flow of the market, whether it is bullish or
bearish. So first things first, identify the market structure. And you can see price is creating
your lower highs, lower lows, lower highs, and lower lows. And you can see price created a lower
high right here. And then it break past this previous low, creating your bearish break of
structure right here. Before retracing, creating another lower high, and then creating another
bearish break of structure right here, right where price broke past the last lower low. And
right now, price has retraced once again, creating your new lower high, but it has not break past
the lower low right here yet, right? You can see this is the last low. And right now, most likely,
if price is going to respect this lower high, price is going to go down here and break past
this lower low right here. So ideally, that is what we want to see in price. But if you observe closely,
what do we have right here? We actually have your equal lows right, your double bottom. This means
that there will be liquidity in this area right here below all these equal lows. So you can actually
mark up like a little liquidity zone right here. I just like to put dollar sign because yeah, it shows me
that smart money are actually going to enter into the market soon. So we can expect price to actually
goes down here, sweep the liquidity below this low before heading back up, right? That is what we
could potentially expect. But like I said, we never ever want to make sure that we assume what price
is going to do. We always want to make sure that we actually react to what price is going to do
because price can actually go to somewhere right around here and then even go back up like this,
right? Right. So we always want to make sure that we look and be patient to see what price is going
to do next first, then enter for our trade. So you can see price goes down slowly and you can see
price breaks past the equal lows that we have right here. So the retail traders who are bullish
because they see this double bottom right here, they're going to be entering for their buy position
right here and place their stop loss below this equal lows right here because they see this double
bottom pattern and you know, textbooks are showing them that double bottom means you should enter for a
buy, right? And they place their stop loss below this equal lows and look at what happened here.
Price got pushed down, triggering all their stop loss. So the buyers who actually enter for buy position
right here, they're out of the trade. Okay. So they add liquidity into the market already.
Now on the other hand, we also have retail traders who are breakout traders. That means that if they see
price break structure like this, right? Price break past the last lower lows means what? Price is going
to continue going down already. They're going to be entering for the sell position right here as well.
And when they enter for their sell position, upon the breakout, they're going to be placing the stop loss
above right here, right? Above right here. Above this liquidity zone right here. And in that scenario,
look at what happens next. They also get stopped out. When both sides, the buyers and the sellers,
the retail traders, they are completely out of the market. Smart Money was able to grab liquidity
right now. So in this scenario, instead of entering for a buy here or a sell here, you should have been
very patient to wait for price to actually break past the equal lows right here and read what we call
your liquidity sweep, which I showed you guys just now before entering for the trade. So in this
example, we actually had a liquidity sweep right here. Because trust me when I say that if price
wanted to go down, right? Price will create this massive momentum and just goes down, create a low
high, low low, low high and low low. But that is not what it actually shows us. If you observe the
candlesticks that's forming right here after price has broke past the equal lows, price is giving us
small candlesticks right here. And then look at these two candlesticks right here. This show us
that the selling pressure, the selling momentum is gone. The smart money is potentially going to
enter into the market soon and they're going to enter for buy position in bulk, right? And you can
start seeing some sort of bullish momentum right here. So this is where you can actually enter for a
buy position right here, face your stop loss below these lows right here. A better entry will be right
here, right? That immediately when price starts showing some sort of signs of bullishness after
price actually grab liquidity, right? That is when you can enter for the trade, stop loss below these
lows. And you can take profit at these highs that we have right here. And once again, if you look at
this, what do we have right here? Your double top. So that is going to be once again, the same thing,
liquidity waiting for you at this area right here. So that will be a very good take profit for us,
right? And that is where you can place our take profit right here. 1 is the 5 risk to reward ritual
and look at what price does. Price goes up, smash our take profit. While all the retail traders in
the world just lose their hard-earned money. We are over here making their money, stealing their
hard-earned money. And that's just the cold hard truth of trading, right? Trading is a zero-sum game,
right? It's either you become the winner or you become a loser. And after watching this video,
if you can implement the advice I give you in this video, you will be the winner that actually takes the
money away from the loser. Because if you understand liquidity properly, right? You will
no longer be a victim of the market. You will actually be part of the smart money and be able
to, you know, not get your stop loss liquidated all the time and not lose your hard-earned money
all the time. But instead, be making profits just like this. And right now, since we are out of this
trade, right? Potentially, we have identified your equal highs right here. We are going to be waiting
for price to sweep the liquidity above this highs right here. And then that is when we can enter for
our sell position, right? Because if you look at the overall trend, we are still in a downtrend, right?
Once again, we are still in a downtrend. And ideally, we want to trade with the trend, right?
And in that scenario, we want to be looking for our sell position at this lower highs that's forming
right here. So chances are right now, price is potentially forming a new lower high before
heading back down to create your new lower low. So right now, we are waiting for price to take out
this equal highs to create a new lower high right here. And then that is when we can look for our
short position and take it all the way down to the next lower low. So that is what we are going to be
waiting for, right? We are waiting for signs that show us that this little retracement is going to be
done. And that is only going to happen after price has officially sweep the liquidity above
its highs right here. You can see price goes up there. Once again, sweep the liquidity above its
highs already. And that is where you can potentially enter for sell position somewhere right around
here. Once again, what happened right here? Do you guys realize that I didn't enter for
sell position right here? Okay, let me just buy a play right here. You see, right here, price created
a double bottom. And I could have entered for sell position right here immediately after price
created this double bottom. But I did not do that because I know that if I do that, I'm going to
place my stop loss right here. And once again, what is that? That is your liquidity above this
highs right here. So what I want to do is to wait for price once again to actually take out the
liquidity above this highs here before entering for my sell position. You can see, bam, right there,
that is when potentially a liquidity sweep is going to happen soon. Look. Boom. There we have
it. The liquidity sweep just happened right here on this double top. And this is potentially a new
lower high on the overall trend, right? You can see overall trend. This is the last lower high and
this is the next new lower high. And then this is the most recent lower high. And if you look towards
the left, there is actually a supply zone right here, right? There is your supply zone right here.
And just nice, price has mitigated your supply zone. Price mitigated your supply zone. You got
your liquidity sweep right here. And based on market structure, price also in a lower high.
And yeah, based on that, we got all the confluences in the world for actually,
for us to actually enter for our sell position somewhere right around here. Place your stop loss
above this highs right here. Ideally, I will potentially enter for the sell position on like a
one hour time frame, like a smaller time frame. And I will enter like somewhere right around here.
And then I will move my take profit all the way down here at this area right here, right? At this,
this is the last low. And you can also draw like a little demand zone here if you want.
And yeah, this would have been like a very nice potential trade right here. You can just see on a
higher time frame, price goes down, goes down, and eventually smash our take profit, right?
Somewhere right around here, smash our take profit before price actually reverse and hit back up here.
Now in this scenario right here, right? The movement price actually comes down here,
tap into this demand zone that we have right here. You can manually just take profit and get out,
right? Ideally, like I said, I will have take profit somewhere right around here.
I'll just refine this zone a little bit. Somewhere right around here. Yeah, yeah. And that will be
my take profit. Price tap into this zone and then reverse and hit back up. And look at what price
does once again. Price grab the liquidity below this lows that we have right here, right? Chances are,
if you look at it, from here, there is actually a support level right here and price actually
creating your liquidity sweep right here before gaining the momentum and hit back up. Now let
me show you guys another example to make things much more clearer to you. And this time around
in the uptrend. So let's say price in the uptrend once again, creating a higher highs, higher lows,
higher highs, and higher lows right here. And like I said, nothing goes up forever. It needs some
sort of momentum. So let's say price is in the uptrend right now, you know, lots of bullish
momentum right here. And we could be expecting price to create a new higher high right here.
Price created a higher low right here. So I can actually mark up this low right here.
And then price is actually also created a higher high right here. We know that there is going to
be liquidity above this swing highs right here, right? Above this swing highs, there's going to be
liquidity. And then there is also liquidity below this swing lows right here. So we are waiting for
price to sweep the liquidity either from the upside or the downside. So we still wait and see what
happens next. Right here, price goes up here, you know, sweep all the liquidity that we have above
this swing highs right here. Now what do you think is going to happen next? We still wait. First of all,
you could have easily entered for our sell position right here, right? Right. After price sweep the
liquidity right here, you can enter for our sell position right here. And then place your stop loss
above, place your take profit all the way down at this swing low. So in this case, right, after price
has sweep liquidity from the upside, look at what happens next. Price goes down here and go all the
way down to this low that we have right here. So if you actually enter for a sell position right here,
right after this liquidity sweep, place your stop loss above these highs, you will have made like a
very nice 1 is to 6 to the ratio trade. Very, very nice. Now observe where price go next after price
reverse at this higher lows. It goes up here to the liquidity zone that we had earlier,
right? Remember there is liquidity above this highs right here. And then there is also your
liquidity zone right here. So this whole entire zone is your liquidity zone. So if price goes up
here, we know for a fact that smart money is potentially going to enter for sell orders right
here, right? Because once again, there is selling liquidity at this area right here. So the moment price
switch up here, you could potentially enter for a sell somewhere right around here after getting
some sort of selling pressure, right? Some sort of signs that actually show that the selling pressure
and that for a sell right there, place a stop loss below this lows. Once again, I will ideally place
my stop loss above this highs right here. Once again, right, you can see price obviously sweep the
liquidity above this highs that we have right here before heading back down. Sweep the liquidity right
here before heading back down. So when price is breaking past this liquidity zone that we have
right here, right? I wouldn't be really worried, right? If you could even like go down to like the
smaller timeframe and you realize that price is just simply sweeping the liquidity above this
highs right here. So if you want to have like a much better entry, you could have probably entered
somewhere right around here. Right after this liquidity should happen, you see this first sign of
selling pressure right here, right? Your bearish candlestick, place your sell order right there
manually. And then you can actually place your stop loss above this highs and take profit at this
area right here. And you can see huge move, right? Huge move happens right after price actually sweep
the liquidity above the highs right here. Now the thing about liquidity is that I don't really use
liquidity as my main confluence. I use it as an additional confluence for me to confirm for my entry.
So what that means is that I'm going to be focused on market structure, supply and demand
first as the foundation before even thinking about liquidity. So I want to enter for the trade based
on market structure, right? I want to enter for a buy based on the uptrend and I'm going to be seeing
whether the internal structure align with the external structure or not. And then I'm also going
to be waiting for price to get to your supply or demand zone. And then finally, then I'll look at
liquidity. So my focus is never on liquidity because liquidity is just an additional confluence for you
to enter for the trade. What this means is that you need to master market structure and supply and
demand zones and even order blocks first before you can even think about understanding liquidity.
So what I would advise you to do is to actually go through this playlist right here, this market
mechanics playlist right here where I literally give you an complete course on each of these things that
I just talked about, your market structure, your supply and demand zones and your order blocks.
Go through every single video in this list, watch it from the start till the end. And then once
then come back to this liquidity concepts video and everything will just makes much more sense.
And I should have said this at the start of this video, but whatever. Right, so watch this whole
playlist and then come back to this liquidity concepts video and you will have a much more
better understanding of whatever I just talked about right here. And the truth is that market
structure will always be the most important thing when it comes to understanding how and why price
move. Liquidity is just an additional confluence. So go and watch that playlist. And as always,
remember you're just one trade away. Mwah!
