I want to share with you the three high win rate scalping strategies that will get you to making
your first 10k per month. And if you have a small trading account, these strategies will be perfect
for you. The first step is to identify your supply and demand zones. And you can do that
by identifying any one of these four types of supply and demand zones. So as you can see,
there is reversal and continuation zones. Let's go from left to right. So the first reversal supply
demand zone is your rally base drop. It's basically when price goes up, consolidate and reverse and
head back down. And then for a continuation supply zone, that means price will be going down,
starts consolidating, and then eventually it breaks off the consolidation and continue going down
in the downtrend. And then for your demand zones, this is what a reversal will look like,
your drop base rally. So it's basically when price drops, starts consolidating and starts
reversing and heading back up. And then for your continuation, it's basically your rally base
rally. It's basically when price goes up, consolidate, and then continue going up even further.
Now, these are the four supply and demand zones, namely your rally base drop, drop base drop,
drop base rally, and rally base rally. Now, if you want to learn more about supply and demand,
check out this video next. So in this strategy, we will combine both price action and supply and
demand because these two concepts have been proven to have the highest win rate. And they are also my
favorite trading strategies. Now, the first strategy is the momentum candlesticks strategy.
So as you can see, like I said, the first thing you want to do is to mark up your supply and demand
zones. And we can see right here, price is approaching a supply zone that we have drawn
earlier. So as supply zone, we know that there will be sellers waiting to short the price down.
So what we want to do is to wait for some sort of bearish price action, some sort of signs that tell
us that the sellers are entering the market and the bullish buyers are going away. So what I want you
to look out for is this long week doji candlestick. So in a supply zone, you want to look out for a
candlestick with a long upper wick. And then in a demand zone, you want to look out for a candlestick
with a long lower wick. So what does this candlestick mean? This means that at some part of time,
the buyers try to push the price all the way up to this level right here before the sellers come in
and say, hell no, and push the price all the way back down here. So that candlestick actually ended up
closing somewhere right around here. This signifies that the sellers are entering the market right now
or if not, they have already entered the market. And that is exactly why price is getting rejected
at this key supply zone right here. Right now, the selling momentum is about to come in and overtake
the whole buyer's momentum. Now, this is the first sign of sellers entering the market, the first sign of
selling pressure and selling momentum. So if you want to play it safe, what you can even do is to
evaluate the next few candlesticks that's going to form. Because you might not be confident enough
to enter immediately on this trade, it's okay. You want to play the safe way, play the low risk way.
So what I'll recommend you to do is to actually evaluate the next few candlesticks. So this next few
candlesticks have just been formed. Let's just look at what it's trying to tell us, right? It's all about
understanding candlesticks. Understanding candlesticks' momentum and pressure. Over here, we see a doji
candlestick that's being formed after this long upperweight candle is formed. This tells us that
there is a lot of indecision, right? Right now, the sellers and the buyers, they are fighting a war
right now. They are fighting a tug of war and they have no idea which one will win. Which brings me to
the next candlestick. Next candlestick, it gave us another red candlestick and another red candlestick.
Tell us that the sellers have managed to enter the market. So over here, that is when you can
potentially enter for a sell position. Basically, you want to enter for the trade when you see some
sort of bearish price action at a supply zone. So entering here will be the safe way. But if you
want to get a sniper entry, what you could have done earlier is to enter where price has formed this
long upperweight candle. And then this is when you can place your stop loss above this key supply zone.
And I will recommend you to place your take profit at the next opposite zone. Which will be some sort
of demand zone that is like somewhere right around here. That is where I will personally place my take
profit. So once again, make sure that you have at least a 1 is to 3 risk to reward ratio. This means
that you can be wrong 3 times and just win 1 trade and you will be able to break even. So let's look at
how this trade play out. You can see price eventually goes down and smash our take profit. Now let's look at
an example in an uptrend. So over here, what is this demand zone? This is your rally base and potentially
it could be making a rally somewhere right around here. So what we can do is to mark up our demand
zone somewhere right around here. And you can see price has managed to come back down to this demand
zone. And like I said, what we want to do is to wait for some sort of bullish price action at this
demand zone. And that is when we can enter the trade. So even though price has managed to come back
down to this demand zone, I'm not going to be entering yet. I want to wait for some sort of
candlestick confirmation, which brings me to this candlestick right here. Now this is your long
lower weight candle, right? This is what we call a pin buy if I'm not wrong. So what this candlestick
means is that the sellers tried to push the price all the way down here. They tried, right? They tried
to break past this demand zone, but that's all they did. They tried. They did not manage to succeed
because the buyers have came into the market and pushed the price all the way up. The bulls are
winning. Clap for the bulls. Chicago Pulse 96, Mike Jordan. But back to trading. Basically, right now,
buyers have entered the market. That is the first sign of buying momentum and buying pressure. So what
you can do is to enter for a buy right here. And like I said, if you want to play it safe, by all means,
go ahead, wait for the next few candles. You can see the next candle, it gives us this huge
candle, not really huge actually, a medium-sized green bullish candlestick with a nice, nice body.
Not as nice as mine, but basically this is when you can enter for a buy if you want to play it the safe
way. For me, I personally have entered immediately after price gave me this long low weight candle at
this demand zone. And then that is when you can place your stop loss below this demand zone and place
your take profit at the next key supply zone, which could be right here. This little demand
zone, supply zone right here. Let me just change the color because I have OCD. So there you have it,
guys. So you can see price went up, go up, hit our take profit and we call it a day. I go home,
go to the bank, take some money out, trip my family to some nice dinner. Now, don't worry if you still
don't get it yet. If you have been watching my videos, you will know that I will always give you guys
more examples and explain it in a clearer and more simple way so that you can gain a better
understanding. So over here, you can see we have a demand zone right here and price has just did its
drop. So right now, we know that this is a demand zone. So we are waiting for your drop base ready,
right? So that is when we can continue to wait, wait out for some sort of bullish price action.
You can see that is exactly what we had, right? Our beautiful long-legged candlestick right here.
Long legs. So over here, when price gave us this long low candle, we know that the buyers have
entered the market. So we can enter for a buy right here, place your stop loss below this demand zone
and place your take profit at the next key level, the next key supply zone even. One is the two. Let's
get it. You can see price eventually goes up, smash our take profit as simple as that. So the example was
more risky because we entered immediately when price gave us the long week candle. But let's try
the more plate safe, the more less risky way, the less, the more pussy way. So right here, price is
making your rally base drop at this supply zone. So this is our first step, right? We identify your
supply zone somewhere right around here. See supply zone right here. So what we can do next is to wait
for price to get this supply zone and show us some sort of bearish price action. And then that is when
you can enter for the trade. So you still wait and wait. And you can see right here, price managed to
go up and it actually got rejected by the supply zone. How do we know it got rejected? Because that is
your long upper week, right? Like I said, they tried, the bulls tried to overtake the bears, but the bears
are just way too strong, right? Now, since we are doing the plate safe way, I won't necessarily enter for
the trade right here after price gave me this long week candle. Let's evaluate the next few
candlesticks. So you can see this is another doji, like some sort of doji candlestick,
and then followed by another week candlestick. And you can see there is one, two, two red candlesticks
so far, right? Some sort of seller's momentum is coming in. There's a momentum shift somewhere
right around here. And boom, there we have it guys. Immediately after this few candlesticks have
been formed, right? And after the long candlestick has been formed, the bears have came in and
overtake the whole market and just push the price all the way down. But make no mistake, because if
you look at this candlestick, there is actually a long upper week. So what happened here? Basically,
price got pushed all the way up because the bulls wanted to make a second attempt at breaking past this
key level. And then once again, the bears decided to come in, the sellers come in and say hell no once
again, and push the price all the way down. And it ended up closing right here. Now, ladies and
gentlemen, if you still don't know that this is a sell trade, I don't know what to say to you. You
must be an absolutely idiot. So as you can see, if you enter for a sell right here, and you place
your take profit like at this demand zone that we have right here, right? This green leather demand
zone, right? It could be a little bit too late. It could be a little bit too late because now if you
enter for a trade right here, your stop loss must be all the way up here and your take profit will
only be like right here. So it's like not really worth it, right? It's not really worth it to enter
for this trade. That is why if you want to enter for this trade, you have entered somewhere right
around here. Somewhere right around here when these next few candlesticks have gave you the
confirmation that sellers have been entering into the market. Or like I said, sniper entry will be right
here. Now you don't necessarily need to find long week candlesticks because they can be quite hard to
spot sometimes. So the first step will always be the same and that is to identify your supply and
demand zones. So right here, we can see that there is a supply zone right here because there is obviously
there's a lot of sellers at this area here, right? Now this could be your rally base drop. So over here,
we can see that price is consolidating at this area here and you can see that there is a lot of
candlestick weeks. You can see all these are candlestick weeks. All these are a lot of candlestick weeks.
So what does this tell us? When you see multiple weeks, this tells us that there is a lot,
a lot of uncertainty. There is a lot of indecision. And when you notice all these candlesticks right
here, they all have a long upper week candle and they have a small candlestick body. And just now,
I've already explained to you what these long upper week candlesticks mean, right? So obviously,
these tell us that there's a lot of selling pressure, a lot of selling momentum and price could
potentially collapse right now. When you're looking for multiple week rejections, make sure that you look
for at least 3 multiple weeks, at least 3 candlestick weeks. 1, 2, 3. 3 weeks, good to go.
But basically, the reason why that it was even multiple weeks is because price has tried to
challenge this key supply zone multiple times, right? The buyers tried. The buyers tried to push
the price up, but they failed 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. 8 times, right? 8 times they failed miserably.
And since they failed so many times, you will know that this is a very strong supply zone,
right? The sellers are waiting to literally shoot the whole shit and get it all the way to the floor.
I don't even have any idea what I'm talking about here. But basically, when you see multiple week
rejections at a supply zone, enter for a sell. So this is where I'll potentially enter for a sell,
place your stop loss above these multiple weeks here, or you can even place it above
this key supply zone. And then same thing, take profit at the next key zone, right? The next key
demand zone, or basically the next key level. And you can see price immediately just collapse all
the way down. Here's another example. Right here, we can draw a key demand zone because there was
a drop base rally. And right now, we could be expecting to see price do the same thing because
price has just been dropping and dropping. And you can start to see like the momentum starts
fading away, right? The candlesticks are getting smaller and weeks are starting to form. So we
could be expecting price to come down to this eight week here. The sellers will start to show some sort
of weakness. And then that is when we can potentially enter for a buy. So right here, we are waiting to
see what price does at this key demand zone. And you can see, okay, doji candlestick, another week
candlestick, and another candlestick week. Guys, like I said, you must look for at least three candlestick
weeks, right? This signifies that is multiple week rejections at this key demand zone. So very,
very strong demand zone. And that is when we can potentially enter for a buy right here, when price
has shown us multiple week rejections at this key demand zone. Place your stop loss below this demand
zone, take profit all the way up at the next key supply zone, somewhere right around here. Now,
obviously, if you place your take profit all the way up here, it's going to take quite long to reach
there. It could be taking up to an hour or so. So what it can even do is to place at this key level
right here, this key level here, that price has broken past this support level, and now it could
potentially be a resistance level. So that is when you can place your take profit right here. And then
look at what happened next. You can see price starts to go up, go up, and go somewhere now around our take
profit area right here. And it starts to consolidate, right? Starts to consolidate. Once again, observe the
price action. What does this tell us? This tell us that this buying momentum could be fading away,
right? Because price doesn't have the strength to reach this area here. So what it can even do is to
manually take profit somewhere right around this area here. Because now you can start to see like,
oh, the candlesticks are getting smaller and smaller. There's not much momentum left,
right? So manually go close the trade.
Now for this strategy, we will be using the 8th exponential moving average. These are the
settings. You can copy them if you want. Now same thing. First step is to identify your supply and
demand zone. And I can identify a demand zone being formed right here because price has just did its
drop base and it could potentially be doing a rally soon. So right now, what we want to do is to wait for
the moving average to cross over the candlesticks. And then that is when we can potentially enter for
a buy. So right now, we are still waiting. And you can see somewhere right around here,
the candlesticks has crossed over the moving average. What does it mean? This means that a
reverser is prone to happen. A reverser is about to happen. You can see before that, the candlesticks
are all below the white line, which is the moving average. And now the candlesticks have crossed over
the white line and they are now above the moving average. So easily enter for a buy somewhere right
around here where there was the moving average cross over stop loss below this key demand zone.
And if I take profit, I like to place it at the next supply zone. Like I said, there's a supply zone
right here, right? Clear as day. This is the supply zone because there was a rally base drop. Yeah,
very strong demand zone right here. So that is when we can place our take profit all the way up here.
And let's not waste my time. So just go up there and smash our take profit. Obviously,
this is actually a little bit longer. Yeah, this is actually a little bit longer for your take profit
to hit because understand that it's going to take you a few hours for this trade to play out.
So instead of placing your take profit here, what you could have done is that you could have placed
your take profit somewhere right around here where there was another little supply zone right here.
Yeah. So this would be a much more faster trade. But for me, when I'm scalping, I'm more of a mix
between a scalper and an intraday trader. So I'm perfectly fine with moving my take profit up here and having
like a 40, 30 to 40 pips take profit. And you can see price eventually went up there, break past the
supply zone. So after you have taken profit from this trade, guess what? You should be looking for
the next opportunity. So over here, what we can see is that price is forming your supply zone right
here, right? There is a supply zone being formed right here. You can see super long upper weight right
here. And then there is multiple rejections at this key zone that we have right here. So what we can do
is that knowing that this is a supply zone, we have to wait for the moving average to cross over. And that is
exactly what price gave us. Previously, the candlesticks are above the moving average. And then over here,
that is when the candlesticks start to cross below the moving average. Now that's the first confluence. The
second confluence is that if you observe closely, there is your multiple week rejections right here. So
multiple week rejections. And then there is also your long upper week right here. Now we have all the
confluence in the world for us to enter for a sell right here. Moving average cross over, long upper week
candle, multiple week rejections, clear as day that price is about to collapse. So that is when you can enter for the
trade right here. Place your stop loss above this supply zone. Take profit all the way down at this next demand
zone that I have right here. Now, like I said, understand that this will be more of an intraday trade already if you do
decide to trade this way. But if you are more of a scalper, feel free to take profit like somewhere right
around here, right at the next key zone. And as you can see, price goes down, smash your take profit and
you can call it a day. But for me, I'd most likely like to have the take profit all the way down here.
And you can see price eventually went down and smash out my take profit. Now this is more of like
sniper entry type shit, right? This is really how I really get like my low risk, high reward ratios where
people are always asking me, oh my god, why are you entering on like such small time frame when you
are intraday trading or when you are swing trading? It's because you can get nice sniper entries like
this with very, very high precision. Now over here, price has came down to our demand zone. What do we
do next? We look for the next opportunity once we get out of this one, right? So right now, once again,
I'm waiting for some sort of moving average cross over, right? Some sort of moving average cross over like
this, right? Clear as day. Moving average cross over right here. You can enter for a buy right here.
Stop loss below this key demand zone. And once again, guys, look for other confluences as well.
You can see there is a multiple week candlestick rejections right here at a demand zone and also
moving average cross over. Easily, three confluence. Easily enter for a buy right here. Take profit at this
next supply zone that we have right here. See price? Hit our take profit right here. And I can see
potentially go up to the next key supply zone that we have right here. Right? What you could
have even done for this trade is that you can take partial profits. So when price reach this first
supply zone, close half the trade. And then when price reach this second supply zone, close the other
half of that trade. Now for me, I don't personally like to take partial profits anymore. What I like to
do instead is to scale in. Because when I'm winning, I want to get that position bigger and make more
money. So what I could have done in this trade is that where price from another demand zone somewhere
right around here, somewhere right around here, there was another demand zone, right? So this is
when I will be looking to enter for the trade, enter my second trade, scale into this position.
Remember, my first position could be somewhere right around here, right? Remember, my first position
is where I entered somewhere right around here where the moving average has crossed over.
And let's say my overall take profit is all the way up at this second supply zone.
Now over here, when price has formed a new demand zone, where price is rally based and it's about
to rally to continue this uptrend, I'll potentially be looking for another long trade, right? So that
is when I will enter for another buy somewhere right around here. When the moving average has crossed over
and this candlestick has also shown me that it has a very long, not really long, but like an average
low week, which shows us that this demand zone is going to hold and I can place my second take profit
like somewhere right around here. So easily put your stop loss below this new demand zone.
And what you can even do is to move your stop loss for this first trade into like somewhere right
around here, somewhere right around here. So basically you can move your stop loss somewhere
to right around here. Now both your trades, right? The stop loss will be somewhere right around this
area here. When you do that, you are literally limiting your risk. Now, even if you lose this trade,
even if you get stopped out, guess what? You are walking away risk-free. You have not lost a single
bit of money because you have managed to think clearly. So now I have two trades running to my
overall take profit and I make not just one profit, but double the profit now. I already thought about
whether to share this scalping strategy with you guys or not because these three scalping strategies
have been so valuable to me throughout my past few years of trading. And I've never really shared this
with anyone, but I really wanted to just share this video with you guys. So I'm not going to ask you to
hit on the like button because I know that you will definitely hit on the like button because this
video has been so valuable. And just look at the quality of our videos. It has been increasing and
I'm spending more and more money investing in better equipments, better editing. So automatically hit
that like button, hit that subscribe button, make more money for the channel so that more money can be
going back into improving the quality of our videos. And when the quality of our videos increase,
guess what? You get more educational, more valuable and more higher quality 4k videos just like this.
Now in order for this scalping strategy to work, you need a very deep understanding of
supply and demand zone, which you can learn in this video right here. And remember, you're just
one trade away.
