When you truly master supply and demand, you will be able to trade with the smart money
and you will know exactly when to enter and when to exit the trade
so you can maximize your profits and minimize your risk.
But in order to master supply and demand, there are 5 pillars which you must fully understand.
Number 1, what is supply and demand?
Number 2, how to identify and draw supply and demand zones?
Number 3, where to enter and exit?
Number 4, high quality zones versus low quality zones?
And last but not least, why some supply and demand zones work and why some don't?
And I'll be covering all these 5 things in this long ass lecture today.
So put your seatbelt on, focus and take down some notes.
Guys, do not skip around.
You must watch this video in order from part 1 till part 5
in order to fully understand how to trade supply and demand.
Now first and foremost, what is supply and demand zones?
Supply and demand zones are basically areas where big banks or smart money are trading at.
Which means that if you can identify these supply and demand zones,
that means you will be able to trade with these big banks and take advantage of their liquidity.
And if you look at any market, bid, forex, stocks or crypto,
you will realize that the markets actually move between cycles of balance and imbalance.
So to identify the supply and demand zones,
you need to look out for areas of consolidation like all these grey boxes that we have right here.
These grey boxes areas are what we call balance, right?
Balance is basically where the price is choppy,
price is slow and it's consolidating and there's no clear trend.
So these are areas of balance.
After price creates balance, imbalance will eventually come.
Just like how in life, sometimes when you are experiencing a good thing,
eventually a bad thing will happen to you sooner or later.
So this imbalance is basically this strong move that will occur after the consolidation
where price is inefficient, right?
So during this imbalance, that's where price is inefficient and there's a lot of momentum.
Now, one thing you must understand about supply and demand zones is that they are caused by momentum.
So the stronger the momentum of the price like this imbalance move here,
the stronger the zones will be.
Now, to make things simple for you,
I have basically split the different types of supply and demand zones into two categories,
reversal zones and your continuation zones.
Let's look at the supply part first.
So for supply zones, that is your reversal zones.
So this is what we call supply reversal or rather what I call it,
all right, to make things easier.
So basically how it works is that price will have a strong up move
and then eventually price will lose steam, right?
And then price starts consolidating.
And next thing you know, price reversed and it has become a downtrend.
So this is what we call your supply and reversal zone.
Another name for it is called rally-based drop
where it's literally what the name implies.
Ready-based drops, all right?
That's how this other name comes from.
Next type of supply zones is your continuation supply zone.
So in this type, you can see price will drop
and it starts consolidating and then it will drop again.
So basically price is just continuing in this downtrend
after a period of consolidation.
So this is reversal supply zones or supply reversal or supply continuation.
Why would I like to call it, all right?
Just the names actually don't really matter.
Next, let's look at the demand zones.
Demand zones for reversal is when price drops and then starts consolidating.
Like I said, this downtrend is losing steam.
Right now, that's like a balance between buyers and sellers, right?
The amount of same buyers, same amount of buyers and sellers
and price doesn't know where it's going, where exactly it's going to go.
And then eventually it breaks out of this consolidation
and it actually reverses to become an uptrend.
So drop base rally, drop base rally.
And then for your continuation, it's basically,
like I said, it's a continuation.
So price is in the uptrend.
It push up, starts consolidating.
And then eventually you'll break out this consolidation
and push up even further.
So rally base rally.
So this is your rally base drop, rally base drop,
drop base drop, drop base rally, rally base rally.
You don't really have to memorize all these names, honestly.
It's just a good way to identify these zones.
So to identify supply and demand zones,
you want to look for any one of these four scenarios
that you can see right here.
So example, when you see this on the charts,
you will know that somewhere around here,
this is your supply zone.
Or if you identify this,
you can see that somewhere right around here,
this is your demand zone.
So you can wait for price to come back down to this demand zone area
and look for your entry.
Which brings me to the next point.
Once you identify a zone,
what you must do is to wait for price
to come back to the area of the zone, right?
Come back to the area of this zone, example.
Only then is when you can finally enter for the trade
after price has come back down to this zone
that we have right here.
So let me show you a few examples.
So over here, you can see price rallies,
starts consolidating and then starts dropping.
So over here,
we can actually draw like a little supply zone right here.
So somewhere right around here,
there's a supply zone.
So what we can do next is to wait for price
to eventually come back up to this supply zone
that we have drawn,
touches it,
and that is when we can enter for a sell position.
And you can see price will continue to go back down
because price has entered a supply zone
and it's gonna go back down
and continue with this overall downtrend.
Another example right here,
price was in a downtrend,
starts consolidating.
So once again,
we can draw another supply zone right here.
And then you can see price starts
to eventually go back up
to retest the supply zone
and eventually go back down.
Same thing over here.
But in this case,
it's the demand zone instead of supply zones.
So once again,
price drops,
starts consolidating
and then starts going up.
So at this point of time,
you should wait for price
to come back down to this zone, right?
This little demand zone
that we have right here.
And then that's when you can enter for a buy.
Now you must understand
that when price is like somewhere right around here,
when price is making this up move,
most beginner traders,
they'll be entering.
They'll be rushing to enter
because they feel a sense of FOMO.
They feel a sense of fear of missing out.
They don't want to miss out
on this huge opportunity.
So they enter for a buy
somewhere right around here
in this up move.
And next thing you know,
price comes back all the way down here
to retest this area,
this demand zone
and stop them out
while you,
the smart ass
supply and demand trader
enter for the trade right here
and take the price to the moon.
Another example right here,
price goes up,
consolidate,
immediately draw your demand zone,
we have a price to come back down here,
retest this demand zone
and then that is when you can enter for the trade.
Okay, so now that you briefly understand
what is supply and demand,
the next thing you must know
is how to identify
and how to draw this supply and demand zones.
And by the way,
you can use this for any timeframe,
be it the five minutes
or the one hour
or even the weekly timeframe.
So this supply and demand strategy
works really, really well
even if you are a scalper,
an intraday trader
or a swing trader,
it doesn't matter,
it will work for you.
Okay, so very simple,
you need three steps
to identify and draw
this supply and demand zones.
First things first,
you want to look out
for those strong,
big momentum move in price
and how you can identify that
is by looking out
for those gigantic,
long ass candles.
Like example,
this one right here,
this is a very strong,
bearish candlestick
that we have right here.
It was a long candle.
So at this point of time,
we have identified
the strong move.
Or another example right here,
you can see huge candle
compared to the other
previous candles.
Very strong move,
very strong momentum.
There's a lot of buying pressure.
So that's the first step,
identify your strong move.
Second step is to identify
the candle before the strong move.
So this is the strong move.
You want to look out
for the candle
before the strong move,
which is this one
that we have right here.
This is the candle
before the strong move.
And in this case,
it's this one right here.
This is the candle
before the strong move.
Now, the third step
is actually to just draw a box.
So go on to trading view
and just take this box,
this rectangle tool
that we have right here
and draw a box
of this previous candle
from the top to the bottom.
Bear in mind,
this is where
most people get confused
because they don't know
exactly whether they should
draw the box
at the wick
or the candlestick body.
I myself
will recommend you
to actually draw
from the top of the wick
to the bottom
of the candlestick wick.
Like the highest point
price went to
to the lowest point
price went to.
So what I mean by that
is that you can see
this is the highest point
of the candlestick wick.
Plot your first point
right here
and then plot
your second point
right here.
This is the lowest point
of the wick
and then there we have it.
This is your supply zone.
Another example right here,
drag it from the highest point
to the lowest point
right here
and drag it out.
This is your demand zone.
As simple as that.
So this is actually
how you actually
draw your supply zone
and your demand zone.
Once you draw your supply
and demand zone
that is when
like I said just now
you want to wait
for price to eventually
go back up
to this area
this zone
that we have drawn
and then that is when
you can look for
your sell opportunity
and short price
all the way down.
Same thing over here.
Demand zone
wait for price
to come back down
touch this demand zone
and that is when
you can enter
for your buy position
and buy it
all the way up.
Now I want you to
bear in mind
that these zones
right
they can be
as small
as just one candle.
It doesn't matter
how big they actually are
as long as you
follow these three steps
and draw them correctly.
What matters more
is the strength
of the explosive move
after the consolidation.
Now let's open
a blank chart
and start drawing up
some supply
and demand zones.
So over here
we have GBP, JPY
which is a currency pair
that I have not been
trading
for a very
goddamn long time now.
So we're gonna use this
and draw up some
supply and demand zones.
So first things first
like I said
three steps
you want to identify
the strong and explosive
move right.
So over here
strong and explosive
move that we have
right here.
Second step
identify the candle
before the strong move.
So this is the candle
before the strong move
and then third step
draw a box of that candle
from the top
to the bottom
like this.
So there we have it
this is your supply zone
so we want to wait
for price to eventually
go back up to this area
then that is when
we can short it
all the way
down.
So another example
right here
in this case
let's look for
some maybe like
a demand zone now.
Huge green candle
explosive move
this is the previous
candle draw a box
around it
and look at what price did.
Price eventually
come back down to this
demand zone right here
and then it bounce back up.
So this is how
you can really like
just keep on doing this
right?
This is how you
actually practice
on drawing your supply
and demand zones
because remember
practice will actually
makes you
more competent
so you need to
really keep on
practicing and practicing
so that eventually
you will get good.
So another example
maybe somewhere
right around here
you can see right here
I saw a big
ass green candle
right here
strong up move
so immediately
I know that
you have to mark up
the candle before
this strong up move
so draw right here
this will be your
demand zone
okay they'll drag it
extend it to the
right side
and wait for price
to eventually
come back down
to this demand zone
then that is when
you can enter for a buy
look at this
price went back down
to this demand zone
enter for a buy here
and you can see
price eventually
go all the way back up
so just keep on
repeating this
like I said guys
practice
makes competency
so keep on practicing
so another one right here
this is your supply zone
you can see
price goes up
and I come back down here
you can draw like a little
supply zone somewhere
right around here
price comes back
retest it
and then just eventually
went all the way back down
so supply zone
demand zone
demand zone
supply zone
let me give you a test
real quick
so based on those
four scenarios
that I have explained
to you just now
which scenario
is this
go comment down
below
if you get it correct
I'm gonna give you a kiss
right now I'm gonna give
five seconds
to go comment
five
four
three
two
one
okay the answer is
this is actually
rally
base
rally
because this is the up move
followed by a consolidation
and then another up move
so in this case
what you could have done
is that you can draw
a demand zone
right here
because this is when
price made this
extreme up move
and before that
we had this little
candle right here
so mark it up
over here
you can see price
come back down
to this area here
and then goes back up
did you got it correct
if you get it correct
here's the case
now I'm gonna show you
a simple
but high win rate
supply and demand
trading strategy
that works
so first things first
you want to identify
the zone
so over here
this is a rally
base drop
so somewhere over here
there's a huge
selling momentum
right
so over here
we know that
there's a supply zone
right here
so we can identify
this by drawing
at the previous candle
before this huge move
down to our supply zone
right here
so this is our supply zone
and we want to wait
for price to come back up
to retest this supply zone
and then that is when
we can enter
our sell position
which is exactly
what price has already done
price has already
come back down
up here
touches our supply zone
so somewhere right
around here
we can enter
for a sell
so you can enter
for a short
somewhere right around here
and then this is when
it gets a little bit tricky
you want to place
your stop loss
above the zone
that you have drawn
so if you are drawing
or rather you are
trading a supply zone
you want to place
your stop loss
a few pips
above the supply zone
and then for the
take profit
you want to take profit
at the next
opposite zone
so if you are
trading a supply zone
you want to take profit
at a demand zone
the next demand zone
but then if you
are trading
on a demand zone
you want to take profit
at the supply zone
the next supply zone
so over here we want to identify the next demand zone and you can do that by just looking down
somewhere right around here you can see there is a supply zone somewhere right around here i mean
not supply zone demand zone somewhere right around here so this is where we can take our profit
right and as you can see price immediately rejected this supply zone that we have drawn earlier
and eventually went down here to smash our take profit as simple as that guys so over here this
example was on the daily time frame which is more for like swing traders so i want to show you that
this strategy works on other time frames as well so let's look at other examples let's look at this
example over here right now we are on gpusd and we are on the one hour time frame so this is more for
intraday traders to swing traders so over here you can see there's a drop base rally right so over here
you can see that there's a huge bullish engulfing candlestick right here which indicate there's a
demand zone somewhere right around here so you can indicate the demand zone by drawing a box at this
previous candle right here so this will be our demand zone so right now our next job is to wait
for price to come back down and touches this demand zone and that is when we can enter for our buy
position so right now we still wait be patient be patient and you can see eventually price comes back
down touches this demand zone gave us a doji candlestick so at this point of time this tells us that this
little selling pressure is going to be gone right the buyers are going to come back in at this demand
zone institutional the big banks are going to be buying at this demand zone and they're going to be
buying in bulk so that is when you can look to enter for a buy position somewhere right around here
right so what you can even do is to wait for a confirmation right which means you wait for a green
candlestick to be formed at this demand zone then they give you like an additional confirmation that
tell you that okay buyers are here buyers are inside this game right now which is usually what
i will wait for before some sort of green candlestick to be formed like like example like this like this
i mean so this is where you can enter for a buy place your stop loss below this demand zone take
profit at the next supply zone and if you look towards the left right you can identify there's
actually a supply zone somewhere right around here somewhere right around here there's a little
supply zone so this is where we can look to place our take profit and by the way guys you can see in
this case right this stop loss is over 60 pips so if you want to minimize your loss what i would
suggest you to do is that after price has rejected this demand zone and it starts going back upright
that is when you can move your stop loss to below this last high right here this last low right here
a few pips below this area here when price has just rejected and it's about to go up to the next
supply zone so that's when you can place your stop loss right there because if price eventually do
something like this right where it got a bit and it starts coming back down and goes deeper into this
zone most likely this demand zone is gonna fail it's not gonna work so guess what you will get out
with like a small tiny loss so over here let's look at how this trade plays out you can see eventually
price goes up and smash our take profit somewhere right around this area here right there as simple
as that guys and as you can see this is the one is the three risk to reward ratio trade as well
if you notice on all these supply and demand trades right you will actually get a very extremely good
risk to reward because you are literally entering the trade at such an optimum position with precision
that once you enter the trade price almost immediately going to take profit that is the
beauty of supply and demand let me show you another example you can see right here there's a huge sell
off right this gigantic long ass red candlestick implies there's a supply zone right here as clear as day
so place your supply zone right here extend to right so right now like i said we want to wait
for price to come back up to this supply zone touches it reverse then that is when we can enter
for our sell position so over here price went back down and then starting to reverse and reverse and
eventually came back up somewhere right around here and it actually touches the supply zone and
actually went above it so in this case right what i'll do is that i'll go down to the 15 minute
time frame to look at what happens right you can see there's actually a gigantic long week okay this
long ass week which is honestly market manipulation man when this happens it's most likely a news come
out so honestly when i see this i would not count as a valid reversal at this zone so what i'll do is
to wait for the next candle and if you look at the next candle right price actually touches this
supply zone and he actually gave a long upper week what does this tell us a long upper week tell us
that there's a lot of sellers at this area pushing the price down therefore the price is closing
somewhere right around here which is at a very low price and the next candlestick price gave us a huge
red candlestick which tell us once again selling pressure selling momentum this takedown is about to
happen price is about to collapse and hit back down so that is when you can look to enter for or sell
somewhere right around here like i said i would have entered some when it's over here because look at this
long upper week long low week like clear as day this market manipulation all right so place a stop
loss above this supply zone that we have right here take profit at the next demand zone which could be
somewhere right around here let me check where's the next demand zone next demand zone will be yeah
probably somewhere right around here actually this is the next demand zone so as you can see this probably
wasn't like the best trade setup that we have possibly yet so let's just skip this a little bit by
going back to the one hour time frame and you can see price eventually go back down and smash our take
profit right there you can see right here right the movement price actually created this new lower high
right that is when i will have potentially moved my stop loss from over here right this 100 pips
wireless stop loss move it all the way down to here this is so that i can minimize my loss eventually if
price reverse and break market structure guess what i get up with like a tiny loss once again
all about minimizing risk and maximizing your reward that's all trading is so as you can tell
this strategy allows you to identify where to enter and where to exit easily this helps to increase the
chances of you using this strategy consistently and bear in mind that there is a lot of flexibility
in terms of where you place your profit target i myself like to place my profit targets at the next
key level or even at the fibonacci extension levels so just ultimately just test this out experiment with
the different take profit levels and find out what works for you and just stick to using that
the key to this strategy is to trade the high quality zones and avoid the low quality zones you want to
trade like a sniper not a machine gun most people think that profitable trading is staring at the charts
all day but in reality is actually patiently waiting for the perfect a plus trade setups that means you
need to trade the high quality zones because you will have a higher chance of winning momentum is how
you differentiate this high quality zones from the low quality zones so the more momentum there is the
higher the quality of the zone let me explain so when you are determining the quality of the zone you must look
at the price action and the size of the candlesticks in this example right here we have pattern a and
pattern b demand zone a and demand zone b which one do you think has more momentum which demand zone do you
think is stronger obviously it will be the demand zone a because in the demand zone a there is a lot of
momentum like if you look at these two candlesticks right huge long candlesticks indicate a lot of buying
pressure a lot of buying momentum and you can see it's moving very very fast so in this case more
momentum right here this means that this demand zone will be stronger so chances are eventually when
price comes back down touches this zone it's gonna react to this zone higher chance of reacting to this
zone and it's gonna go up compared to this one right here when you can see the candlesticks are a
little bit small small small small candlesticks there's not much momentum right here so this demand zone
will be a lower quality compared to demand zone a let's look at a few examples now so over here you
can see there's a huge bearish engulfing candlestick right here big red candlestick does that's a lot of
momentum a lot of selling pressure so in this case we know that there will be a strong supply zone
somewhere right around this area here right strong supply zone and if you look at this and let's just
copy this circle and we put it to this previous zone right here you can see same thing there's a
supply zone right here so there is one supply zone right here another supply zone right here you can see
in this one down move right it took one great candlestick to do it but if you look at the same
scenario right here it took three red candles to complete this same down move so obviously this has
more momentum more selling pressure and therefore this supply zone is stronger compared to this
supply zone that we have right here or another example right here in a demand zone huge move huge
momentum so there's a demand zone somewhere right around here right compare this to right here there
is a demand zone as well right here as well but then which one do you think a bit stronger this one
with a lot of momentum a lot of buying pressure or this one where there's little momentum right
obviously it's gonna be this one this demand zone is gonna be much more stronger than this one
so basically the point here is the momentum in the move will indicate the quality of the zones so if
you have fast movement lots of momentum like this where there is more full candlest this indicates higher
quality of your supply and demand zone however on the other hand if you have slow movement like this
or even more like a lot of choppy candles like this where price is just consolidating and lots of like
chop right this indicates low quality low quality zones here's a harsh truth no strategy works all the
time not all supply and demand zones work 100 of the time except that losses and wins are part of the game
there are three ways to tell whether a zone will work or not firstly market structure secondly death
third time let's dive deep into each one of these three factors so actually to illustrate this i've
created a new supply and demand watch list where i've added some currency pairs some of which i have
never ever touched or seen in my life just to show you that this whole supply and demand tips right
works on anything be crypto stocks or forex whatever it is whatever they will trade it will work
so first things first you want to focus on market structure because this is actually the key to
finding out whether a zone will work so if price is an uptrend you want to buy at demand zones and if
price is the downtrend you want to sell at supply zones why because you want to trade with the trend
rather than against the trend however there is an exception to this so you want to buy demand zones that
have taken out supply and you can also sell supply zones that have taken out demand i know it's
quite it's quite confusing right now so let me just show you a few examples so over here we can
see there's a downtrend right in this downtrend price is creating what your lower highs lower lows
lower highs and lower lows so clear as day is a downtrend so in this case right what you can do is
to mark up all your supply zones first so i can see there's a supply zone somewhere right around here
another supply zone somewhere right around here right so in this case if you want to buy right if
you want to buy in this downtrend because we already know that in a downtrend you should only sell at
supply zones right so they can trip the trend that means you can sell here sell here two points where
you can sell but if let's say you are stubborn mother ever so even to buy at the downtrend you need
to buy at those demand zones that have taken out supply so what i mean by that is that let's say
there's a demand zone somewhere right around here the only time where you can buy over here is when
price has actually broken past this supply zone all comes back down to market structure guys if price
breaks out of this supply zone this tell us what price is no longer creating a lower highs and lower
low it's actually starting to create a higher high and higher low and this tell us that price is
reversing and it's gonna become a uptrend right now so only then that is when you can enter for a buy
at the demand zone when it has already taken out supply when it's already shown you signs that it's
gonna reverse this downtrend is gonna end that's the only time when you can look to enter for a buy
in a downtrend of course now here's another example in this case i can see that price is actually
consolidating i can draw a supply zone right here and then i can also draw a demand zone right here so
somewhere right around here you can see price goes up break through this supply zone and then now it's
coming back down to retest this demand zone that we have right here when it comes down to this demand
zone are you able to buy over here let me ask you that are you able to buy over here of course you can
because price has already broken the supply zone right here you see price has broke past this supply
zone that we have right here so ideally you have to buy the demand zones that have already taken out the
supply zones so this is when you can enter for a buy somewhere right around here take profit
somewhere right around here or even the next demand zone or you can even place it all the way up at
the next key level somewhere right around here now at the end of the day just look at the market
structure so over here you can see price is creating lower highs lower lows lower highs lower lows lower
lows lower highs lower lows and it starts to break past the previous lower high and come back down to
create a new higher low this low higher than this one right here this already tell us that price
is reversing to becoming an uptrend so next thing you know price actually starts to break past this
supply zone once again create another higher high and another higher low and higher high and higher
low so in this example right when price is an uptrend like i said you want to trade with the trend so
make sure you stick to buying at demand zones so example if there's a demand zone here or another demand
zone here right that is when you want to enter for a buy and for a buy at all these demand zones when
eventually price come back down to touches these demand zones and then don't try to sell at supply
zones unless it has already taken out the demand zones so what i mean by that is that if price comes
back down and takes out this demand zone right and i come back up to somewhere here there's a supply zone
and starts reversing that is when you can look to enter for a sell because now price has reversed from
uptrend to a downtrend right now so we can enter for our sell here and then you can see price just
goes down like this you can see this is a lower high come back to this high right here so basically
you want to buy demand zones that have taken out supply and sell supply zones that have taken out
demand if you want to go against the trend the second factor is actually death so the deeper the price
goes into a zone the higher the chance the zone will fail that is the key here that this is the key
here the deeper the price goes into a zone the higher the chance the zone will fail let me explain
let's say over here there's a huge bullish momentum right so obviously there's gonna be a demand zone
right here and look at what price did price comes back down and it actually touches this demand zone but
it didn't react it didn't reverse and head back up right so you know you watch what price continue to do
price continue to go down and eventually goes deep deep deep and actually break past this demand zone
now it already went so deep into the demand zone you will know that it's gonna fail it's not gonna
work already so the general rule is that if price goes into more than half or actually all the way into
the zone like this right most likely it will fail once again this is not a guarantee sometimes it can
work right sometimes what price can even do is that price can actually go in all the way touch just the
end of this demand zone and starts heading back up that's why you always want to like play by year
and if you look at this there's another supply zone that we have right here and you can draw like a
supply zone right here so in this case you can see price has literally already gone all the way up to
this area right here like the top of this supply zone so chances are this is not going to work right
unless price give like a huge red candlestick right here and starts rejecting this area so like i said always
make sure you play by year don't anticipate don't predict what the market is gonna do don't impose
your thoughts or your bias onto the market react to the market that is the key to trading success
now the third factor is actually time the longer the price spends in a zone the higher chance the zone
will fail so the longer the price spends in the zone the higher the chance the zone will fail so how
do you exactly tell like how long is the price spending in the zone you look at the candlesticks
you look at the amount of candlesticks so the general rule is that price will usually react to
the zone the supply or demand zone within one or two days like example in this case price come back
down to this demand zone and within around two days price has already made this reaction and starts
going up right so in this case we will know that this is a high quality zone and this zone will work
however on the other hand if price like starts consolidating and just going sideways for days
inside the zone like in this case one two three four five six six days inside this zone you already
know that most likely this is not going to work so you can see price eventually actually end up going
back down so in this case what you have done is that you see that price is consolidating in the zone
you see that this you know that this demand zone is not going to work that is when you can get out of
the trade with a small loss cut your losses early now supply and demand zone alone is not powerful
enough for you to actually become a successful trader you need to combine it with market structure
and you can learn that by watching this tutorial right here this full course for free just go watch
it man you have nothing to lose and remember you're just one trade away
