I'm finally revealing to you the trading strategy that has made me over 6 figures throughout my
entire trading career. And it's the same trading strategy that I used to make over $20,000 in one
week. I'm going to tell you everything from the start to the end, so make sure you watch
every single minute of this video and get ready to take down some notes.
Now first of all, you must understand that I'm a mix between an intraday trader and a swing
trader. I'm no longer a scalper because I'm past that stage, right? I realized that scalping,
it takes away a lot of your freedom because you spend a lot of time looking at the charts.
And that's literally the opposite of what I want. The whole point of trading is so that I can get
freedom and scalping does not allow me to do that because I have to stay at the charts all the
goddamn time. So right now, I like to enjoy my life a little bit more and you know, just chill out.
So yeah, the timeframes that I'll be using is weekly, daily, 4 hour, 1 hour and a 15 minute
timeframe. Because like I said, I'm a mix between intraday and a swing trader, which means that
sometimes I will hold a trade from a few days to even up to a few weeks, right? Depending on where's
my take profit level. Now, the first thing I'm going to do is to identify the trend and market
structure. That should be like the first and foremost, the most important step. So what I
want to do is to go to my weekly timeframe, look at where the overall trend is so that I can kind of
come up with like a bias on, you know, whether I should enter for a buy or whether I should enter
for a sell because you must remember the trend is your friend. The last thing you want to do is to
trade against the trend. You should always be trying to trade with the trend, right? So firstly,
we can see that right now AUDUSD is in a downtrend. How do we know that? We know that price is first
things first, going down, first very obvious factor. Next thing is creating lower highs,
lower lows, lower highs, lower lows, lower highs and lower lows. So obviously, that tells us that price
is in a downtrend. So perhaps we could be looking to enter for a sell. But if you're going on to the
daily timeframe, you could start to see that, oh shit, maybe price is reversing, right? Maybe this
is a reverser. Maybe price is reversing from a downtrend to becoming an uptrend. And how do we
know that price is going to reverse to become an uptrend? We look at the second thing, which is the
market structure. So you guys know in a downtrend, price should be creating a lower highs, lower lows,
lower highs and lower lows. But in an uptrend, price will be creating your higher highs and
higher lows. So if you look at what price has been doing recently, you can see that price has
been creating higher highs, higher lows, higher highs and higher lows. And in this case, if you
look closely, even more closely, you can see there's actually a break off structure. So previously,
price has been creating a lower highs, lower lows, lower highs, lower lows, lower lows, lower lows,
highs, right? So this is the last lower high being created. Okay, this is the last lower high being
created. And right now we could see price literally like burst above the last lower high. And it has
came back down to retest this lower high to form your new higher low, right? So this could be the
first sign that tell us that right now price has reversed and it has become an uptrend right now.
So in this case, we can't decide whether we want to enter for a buy or we want to enter for a sell,
right? You guys must understand that trading is not as easy as what it looks like on a textbook,
right? Textbook can say that, oh, uptrend is like this, downtrend is like this. But in reality,
the charts look something like these, all right? So you guys need to be very careful when it comes
to identifying the market structure, the trend, because one wrong move can cause a loss, right?
So every move you take must be calculated, must be thought through. So right now we can see that
the market structure could be reversing to becoming an uptrend. So in this case, I'm going to zoom
down to the four hour time frame, okay? Zoom down to the four hour time frame, look at what price has
been doing lately. And if you see, price has been going up lately, right? Price has been creating a
higher highs, higher lows, higher highs, higher lows, higher highs and higher lows. So the daily
time frame has shown us that it is bullish. Four hour time frame has shown us that it's bullish as
well, right? So now the higher time frames has shown us that it's bullish, so we should be entering for
a buy in this case, right? So right now what we are waiting for is all the time frames to be aligned,
right? You want to wait for all the time frames to be aligned, like all the stars in the skies
to align, to give you the confidence, to tell you to enter for a buy. Right now, daily bullish,
four hour bullish. What we want next is to look for a bullish movement in the one hour or the 15
minute time frame. Because this is where we are be looking for our entry, right? Either on the one
hour time frame or the 15 minute time frame. So once the one hour time frame or the 15 minute time
frame has turned bullish, this means it's good to go. This means you can enter for a buy already.
If price is like this right now, you can see right now it's like this, right? And if you go down to the
one hour time frame, oh shit, it's actually bearish, right? In this case, it kind of goes against our
principle of having all the time frames to be aligned. So in this case, if it's one hour is actually
bearish, in this case, you still cannot enter for a buy yet. You guys must be patient. You guys
must be disciplined enough to wait for the perfect trading setup. Remember, trade like a sniper. The
last thing you want to do is to trade like a machine gun, take a shit ton of trades, but you
end up losing on most of these trades. So trade like a sniper, right? So in this case, I'm waiting
for the one hour time frame to become bullish. Daily have to be bullish, four hours have to be bullish,
one hour of 15 minutes has to be bullish as well for me to enter for a buy. So right now we're still
wait. You can see I'm just going to fasten this a bit. Okay. You can see like price is like starting
to change from bearish to bullish right now. How we can know is by even drawing like a mini trend line
right here, right? Drawing like a mini trend line. This is what we call a counter trend line. And if price
breaks through this counter trend line, this show us that this retracement, this mini downtrend is done
and price is going to become bullish again and it's going to go up now. So we can wait for this
counter trend line to break as well. So as you can see, this is exactly what price did, right?
Counter trend line has been broken. Now that all the time frames has been aligned, right? The next thing
you must do is to make sure that you wait for price to get to a key level, right? You don't want to be
trading when price is in the middle of nowhere, right? And just now I forgot to mention, but you guys
should also identify all your key levels, mark up all your key levels on the higher time frame,
like the four hour or the daily time frame, right? So I can mark up like a key level like right here
or even another key level like somewhere right here. Yeah. This is the first key level. This can
be the second key level. Yeah. So by identifying these key levels, you will know exactly where
you should enter for a buy, where you should enter for a sell, where to look out for because you know
that, oh, if price is hitting a resistance area, that means most likely it's going to reverse. So maybe
you can place a take profit right there. So those are some examples. So I can just mark up more key
levels right here. And I can even show you guys another trick, right? You can see, this is what I
call the trend line brick magic, the trend line magic tool, right? So you can see previously it has been
a downtrend, right? It has been a downtrend like this. So when price usually break through the trend
line, price tends to go to the points where it touches the previous trend line. So what I mean by that
is that, you can see previously trend line, find out all the points that touches the trend line, which is
right here, right here, and like right here, and I'll say right here. Because what price usually tend to do
is that price, when reverse, right, when price break out of this trend line, and it reverse, and it start
creating an uptrend, right, it's going to go to these points. So you can use these points as your take profits
levels. So this is what I like to call the ABCD, right? So you can see, this can be point A, point B,
point C, point D, right? So price will tend to go up to hit either one of these levels that we have
right here, or if you are lucky enough, price can even go all the way up to point D before it starts
reversing and head back down. So you can use these levels to like kind of take profit, right? So this is
like a nice little trick that you can use. So back to the strategy. So like I said, I'm waiting for
price to get to a key level for me to enter for a buy. And you can see, if I go down to the one hour
time frame, I can see that right now, price is actually at a key level, right? You can see this is
a key support level, and this is what we can also be called like a area of interest, okay? Area of
interest. So right now, price is at a key level. You can either wait for price to get to a key level,
or a supply or demand zone. That is when you want to look for confirmation. So after price get to a
key level, right? You know what? Let me just put down the steps for you guys. I almost forgot to put
down the steps for you guys. So the second thing is to wait for all time frames to be aligned. Must
be bullish on all time frames. Then the third step would be to wait for price to get a key. Wait for
price to get to a key level or supply or demand zone. S&D zone. Supply and demand zone. Right?
The reason why you want to wait for price to get to a key level is because the last thing you want
to do is to trade when price is in the middle of nowhere. Let's say you enter for a buy like
somewhere right around here. When price is in the middle of nowhere, look, if you enter for a buy
here, your stop loss must be below the last higher low, which is right here. And your take profit could be
at the next key level, which is like somewhere right around here. And you can see the risk to
reward ratio is just not worth it. It's just not worth it guys. So like I said, what you want to do
is to just make sure that wait for price to get to a key level so that you can have a nicer entry,
a tighter stop loss. Because if you trade at a key level, you can place your stop loss below the key
level and now you have a much tighter stop loss and a wider take profit, which means that you can
risk less and make more money on this trade. What you can do is after price get to a key level,
right? Now, this is where you want to look for multiple confirmations or rather what I like to
call confluences, right? So this multiple confirmation can come in the form of candlestick
patterns, chart patterns, indicators, moving average crossover, Bollinger Bands, RSI, whatever
indicator that you like to use. And also like things like trend lines, Fibonacci, all of these things,
right, help to give you additional confluence, additional confirmation for you to enter for the trade.
So yeah, guys, once price gets to a key level, you want to look at what price is doing at a key
level and then get your multiple confirmation. So for the sake of this, I'm just going to put on my
moving averages. These are my 8 and 14 EMA, as you can see right here. This is the 8 and the other
one is the 14 EMA, right? And the moving average crossover is a very simple trading strategy.
When these two like moving averages cross over each other like this, you can see right here,
this is when you know that the trend is going to reverse. And that is when you know that price is going to
reverse and you can look for a reversal trade setup right there. So right now, let's zoom in even further.
Right now, we are on the one hour time frame, by the way, and we see that price has, first of all,
broken past the counter trend line. Price break. That's the first confirmation, the first confluence.
Next, it could be this giant bullish engulfing candlestick. So when you see this big bullish engulfing
candlestick, right, this big green candlestick, what does this tell us? This tells us there's a lot of momentum,
a lot of volume, a lot of pressure, buying pressure, which means that buyers have entered
this market and is pushing the price up. Next, this little key support area right here. This is the key
support area or other area of interest, whatever I like to call it, right? It can also be a demand
zone, right? That's the third confluence. Our fourth confluence could be your moving average crossover.
You can see previously, the moving average has already crossed over right here. When the blue line is above
the red line, this tells us that price is in the uptrend and we should be entering for a buy.
When the red line is above the blue line, this tells us that price is in the downtrend and we
should be looking to sell. So right now, blue line above red line, this tells us that we should enter
for a buy. So now that we got our four confluences, and the fifth confluence could even be like market
structure, right? Right now, price is creating your higher low. Once you got your multiple confluence
like this, right? Like I said, you guys always want to make sure that you get multiple confirmation.
The keyword here is multiple. The last thing you want to do is to just enter a trade based on
one confluence. Oh, I see this big candlestick. I'm just going to enter for a buy here. No, you need
multiple confirmation. The reason why you need multiple confirmation is that the more confirmation
that you have, the more confluences that you have, the more confident you will be in holding the trade
to your take profit. The higher chance that the trade will play out, right? Because remember, the market
is random. That means that we cannot control the market, but what we can control is our entry. We
can be disciplined enough to wait for the perfect trade setup. So this is what I like to call like a
perfect trade setup, right? A perfect trade setup is when I have at least like three to four confluences
and price is at a key level. All the stars in the world is aligned for me to enter for a buy,
and I'm confident to hold a trade all the way to my take profit. So now I have multiple confluence,
that means I'm good to go, right? That means I can finally enter this trade after analyzing for 10 years.
So there's two ways we can enter this trade, either on the one hour time frame or the 15 minute
time frame, right? So if you had to look for an even better sniper entry, you can go down to the
15 minute time frame, right? 15 minute time frame is where you get those like really, really tight
entries. Like example, I would have entered for a buy somewhere right around here when the moving
average started cross over, and I'll place my stop loss, right? For stop loss placement, you guys want
to place your stop loss based on market structure. Remember, based on market structure. Don't place your
stop loss like 5 pips or something because 100%, you're going to get stopped out like a dumb idiot.
A lot of beginner traders, they go into trading thinking that, oh, I have to have the tightest
stop loss possible, the tightest stop loss so that I can really minimize losses. So I need to have a 5
pips stop loss every single time I trade. Majority of your trades are going to be losses if you do that.
So what I want you to do right now is to, you know, give your stop loss a little bit of breathing
room and then place your stop loss based on market structure. So in the uptrend, you should be placing your
stop loss at the previous higher low. So right now, this is the uptrend. You can either place your
stop loss at the previous high low or we can place it below this key level. In this case, I'm just
going to be placing it below this key support area that we have right here, somewhere right around
there, and take profit. Take profit is when you want to take profit at the next key level. Where is
the next key level? The tip here is to look towards your left, right? Look towards your left to see
where price lost stopped at. And if you look towards the left, you see that over here, there's a key
level that we have right here. Remember our point A, point B, point C, point D, just now we mentioned,
right? So this will be the next key level. So that could be my first take profit that we have right
here. And the next key level could be right here. The next key level could even be all the way up
here, right? So if you are confident about this trade, you can hold it all the way up to this area
right here. So this will be a much nicer sniper entry. So this will be more of like an intraday trade,
right? If you hold it to this first take profit level. If you hold it all the way up to this next
key level, this will be more of a swing trade where you have to hold a trade a little bit longer
over the next few days, etc. So yeah, let's discuss a little bit about risk management when it comes
to trading, right? Ideally, you want to aim to get 1 is to 3 risk to reward ratio setups, right? 1 is
to 3. So you can see this is the 1 is to 6, right? But if we move it back to the first take profit
level right here, this is 1 is to 3, right? This is 1 is to 3, which means that we are risking 1% to make
3%. In trading, you always want to make sure that you get back in return more than what you risk.
It doesn't make sense if you risk $1 just to earn back $1, right? It doesn't even make sense if you
risk $1 to earn back 50 cents, right? You always want to make sure that you can double the amount
of money that you risk, right? You want to get back more in return. So ideally, aim for 1 is to 3
because if you have 1 is to 3, your win rate can be a little bit lower, which means you can
win lesser trades but still be profitable in the long run. This ties in with win rate as well,
right? Ties in with win rate. Example, an average win rate 50%, okay? Average win rate 50%,
which means that you win half the trades, you lose half the trades. That is like the win rate of
professional traders, right? 50%. And with a 1 is to 3 risk to reward ratio, that ensures that you can
become consistently profitable over the long run. This is the goal that you should be looking out for
1 is to 3. So on each one of my trades, right? I'm risking 1 to 2% of my entire account on each
trade. So what this means is that if I'm having a 100k account, I will risk 2% of that, which is
what? 2,000, right? I'll risk $2,000 on this trade. So in this trade, since it's a 1 is to 3 risk
reward ratio, I risk $2,000 to get back $6,000. Risk $2,000 to get back $6,000. So this is the risk and
the reward will be $6,000. This is how I approach risk. And why I say 1 to 2% is because it depends
on the scenario. If I'm more confident about this trade, because I have more confluences, right?
Then I'll risk 2%. If I'm a little bit less confident, I have like lesser confluences,
lesser confirmation, I'm going to risk 1%. So though, how much I risk depends on how confident I am on
that trade, right? You don't want to make sure that you fucking risk 10% on like a low probability
trade setup. So the higher the probability of the trade going well, the higher amount of money that
I'm going to be risking, right? Because I'm more confident. So obviously, I'm going to risk more
to try to earn more money, right? So right here, this is how I approach risk. After coming out of
this, next thing you must be wondering, when you go on to MetaTrader 4, there's something called
lot size, which means like, what is the position size? What is the amount of units that you're going
to be buying? And how you can figure out your lot size is by using this principle that we have right
here, risking 1 to 2%. Go on to Google or go on to App Store and search for this useful tool,
position size calculator. And this is going to be your best friend from now on, all the way you stop
trading. So you can see right here, this is your position size calculator. And all you have to do is
to input some values and it will calculate the lot size for you just like magic. So over here,
we can put, my account size is 100k. And let me choose the currency pair I'm trading, which is
AUD, USD. And right now, I'm risking 2%. So put 2% right here, my stop loss distance. Let me check
what's my stop loss distance. It's about 22 pips, right? 22 pips. So put 22 pips. Now, you can see
right here, it literally lay out the lot size for you. You should be using 9.09 lots and you're risking
$2,000. So I will go on to my MetaTrader 4 and input 9.09 lots. Not more, it can be less,
but not more. It should not exceed 9.09 lots, right? Once I input 9.09 lots, I'm going to be
entering for a buy, right? After I enter for a buy, I have to let to see the trade play out and you can
see price eventually go up here and smash the first key level that we have drawn right here. It's really,
just as simple as that, guys. Like, I don't want to overcomplicate things or make things
way too complicated, right? A lot of people try to look for like the perfect trading strategy. So
they will go on to YouTube, search for 10,000 trading strategies and experiment with like
different trading strategy. It's okay to do that, right? It's okay to experiment with different
trading strategy. But what you want to do is to find out what works best for you. My trading strategy
might not work for you because we have different personality. His trading strategy might not work
for him or her, right? We all are built different. So what I want you to do is to experiment with
different trading strategies, yes. Study smart money concepts, study ICT concepts, study price
action, and then come up with your own trading strategy. You can take 50% of what I just taught
you or even 20% of what I taught you, but then use that to come up with your own trading strategy.
Maybe take a bit on here, a bit from there, a bit from here, and then come up with your own winning
trading strategy that suits your personality, suits your schedule, and suits your trading style,
right? So like I said, this is more of an intraday or swing trading strategy. So it's going to be a
little bit different. Like example, a scalpel is not going to be entering for this trade because
this takes like at least like one day for this trade to be played out. So yeah, I just want to
give you guys like a whole overview of my entire trading strategy. As you can see right here, first
things first, identify the trend, the market structure, wait for all the timeframes to be aligned,
right? Because you want to make sure that your four hour timeframe is bearish, daily timeframe
bearish, really timeframe bearish. Then that is when you can know that, you know what, all the
trend direction is aligned together and we can trade with that particular trend direction. And next,
you want to wait for price to get to a key level or supply and demand zone. Very, very important,
right? You don't want to be trading when price is in the middle of nowhere. You want to get the sniper
entry. And how you can do that is to wait for price to get to a key level. Then after price get to a key
level, that is when you can analyze the charts, look for multiple confirmation. It could come in
the form of candlestick patterns, chart patterns, support or resistance levels, Fibonacci trend lines,
moving average cost over, other indicators, whatever confirmation that you love, use that
particular confirmation. That is when you can finally enter the trade on like either the one
hour timeframe or the 15 minute timeframe. And in this case, you want to aim to get at least one is
three risk to reward ratio if you want to become like profitable over the long run. Yes,
you can be profitable with a one is to one risk to reward ratio, but that just means that you need
to win more trades, right? You need to have a higher winning rate. For me, I can honestly tell
you that I'm not the best trader in the world. I don't have the highest win rate. My trading strategy
is not perfect. I'm just going to make that clear. Just going to be honest with you guys. But what I
have is solid risk management, which means that I'm able to focus really, really well on my risk
management, managing my risk money management, and I also have a solid trading mindset. And that gives me
an edge over my competition, which is the market. And also, once you have find out how much you're
risking per trade, go on to the position size calculator and determine your lot size. Is it
going to be a one lot size or a micro lot size or a mini lot size? Whatever it is, it depends on your
trading account. If you're trading like a smaller account, right? The last thing you should do is to
trade with a one lot size. That's the mistakes that I used to do back when I was still a beginner,
right? Fucking $500 in my account. And I'll use like a standard lot size and I'll freaking blow
that account in like two trades or even one trade actually. Yeah. So massive, massive mistake. Stop
making that goddamn mistake, guys. I know it's hard for you because you want to get rich quick fast,
but this is what it takes to become a profitable trader. And profitable trading can be boring and
uncomfortable. Like waiting for the perfect trade setup is not fun. Following your trading plan is not
fun, right? It's freaking boring because it goes against human nature, but it is what you need to do.
So do the hard things, do the disciplined things so they can enjoy like the long-term
fucking fruits. Man, I don't even know where I'm going with this. But yes, that is my entire
trading strategy. I'm starting a revolution, a movement, something that has never been done
in this trading industry. And it's called roadmap to mastery. 90% of traders lose, which means you
will not get rich from trading just by learning technical analysis. You don't need any more technical
analysis. You need a serious review of how you think. So it's finally time for me to reveal to
you what it takes to become a top 1% trader and how to think like one. And the best part about this
whole series is that it not only benefits beginner traders, but it also benefits advanced traders.
All types of traders, they will learn something. Whether you trade Forex, crypto, or stocks,
whatever you are, you will learn something. So on 5th August, I will finally reveal to you
the greatest secret to my trading success. I'm inviting you to step into the world of
professional trading during this entire roadmap to mastery series. And at the end of the event,
I will give away $200,000 funded account to two lucky winners. And you can save your spot right here
by like going to this link, the trading blueprint.kajabi.com or you know, just click in the link in the
description. This is your invitation to live the life you have always dreamed of. Don't just dream
it anymore. Leave it. If you love my unfiltered and uncensored trading episodes, you will 100%
love this series because it's higher quality videos. I spent over $10,000 on the equipment
and all the editing and stuff. And there's more amount of research done. So hours of learning went
into like learning from the top professional traders. And I've literally like compiled all
the wisdom into this whole series. And also I spent a lot of time planning and scripting each one of
videos. Like literally one video takes one week to plan out. The first episode will be live on 5th
of August, 9pm Singapore time. Average is the enemy. Success is your duty and obligation. It is
your duty as a trader to reach your fullest potential and become the best trader you can
possibly be. And this whole series will help you do just that. So stay tuned for this series that
will transform your trading and help you become the best trader. And like I said, if you want to get
notified when the first episode drop, make sure you go sign up. Link in the description with your name
and email. And also click on that subscribe button and the like the bell beside it. Because I guarantee
you that this will change your trading forever. And this will like literally revolutionize the whole
trading industry. And I hope that you'll be part of this revolution, part of this movement. If you
are brave enough, click on that subscribe button. And remember, you're just one trade away.
