In order to outperform 99% of traders in the next 6 to 12 months, you need to see things
differently. You need to take the unconventional path, which is what I call the fast lane.
The fast lane is the shortest path to becoming a consistently profitable trader. And what lies
at the finish line of the fast lane is freedom. The ability to be, do, and have whatever you want
in life. This pyramid represents the hierarchical structure of society. And majority of people
will have no choice but to be stuck at the bottom for their entire life. From the day they are born
to the day they die. As sad as that may be, it's just the honest reality. And they will always be
under the control of the manipulators. However, at the very top of the pyramid, we have the fast lane
traders. The fast lane traders are the top 1% traders who defied the odds and broke free from
the manipulators and decided to live life on their own terms. My goal today is to show you the exact
steps you need to take in order to become a top 1% trader or what I like to call a fast lane trader,
even if you are starting from scratch. Now, these are the steps that I took personally to go from
only having $50 in my bank account to making my first $1 million. And if you watch till the end,
I will show you the 5 keys to trading success that gave me the ability to enjoy location,
financial, and time freedom. If you are able to learn and implement these principles that I'm about
to share in your own trading journey, you will be able to become a fast lane trader yourself and
unlock a life of complete freedom. The first step to becoming a fast lane trader is to question your
belief and determine whether they are helping you or holding you back from trading success.
Now, when you are trading, you think you trade the markets, but that's not true. You don't actually
trade the markets. You trade your belief about the market. If you think that it is easy to make money
from trading, you are correct. If you think that it is difficult to make money from trading,
you are correct. If you think that losses are bad and negative, you are correct. If you think that
losses are good because they allow you to learn from them, you are correct. Can't you see that
whatever you believe in, you are correct? Because your belief directs your thinking and your thinking
directs your actions and your actions determine whether you are a profitable trader
or a loser. For example, if you believe that losses are bad and useless, then you will never
be able to learn from them. And if you don't learn from your mistakes and your losses, how are you
going to improve and become a successful trader in the future? So right now, I want you to take some
time out to analyze your beliefs and think about whether they are helping you or not. If they don't
benefit you at all, rewire your brain by removing those limiting beliefs. So think about the
following questions. What are my trading habits? What strategy do I believe in? Who are the people
that control the markets? How do professional traders trade? And when is the best time to trade
for me? When you start questioning your belief, you will finally have a chance at trading, a game that
is rigged for the manipulators. There are 4 stages you need to go through in order to get to the top
and I will review each stage in order. And for each stage, I will explain to you and tell you exactly
what you need to do in order to progress to the next stage. Let's start with stage 1, which is the
worst state to be in but it's the most important state you can be in. Because if you don't experience
stage 1, you will not have the drive to want to become successful and then you will continue
being a slave to this system. Stage 1 is rock bottom, the lowest point of your life. It must be
when I was 15 years old where there was this one night where I stayed past my bedtime which was around
11pm by the way. So I was playing Fortnite near my house gate and then I saw my dad walking towards
the gate coming home from work. He looked so tired and disappointed in himself. So I asked him what
happened. He told me that he had spent a few hours taking the public train to commute to the other side
of the Singapore to close a real estate rental deal. And if he had successfully closed the deal,
he would have earned a small commission of $300 from the owner of the house. That $300
was supposed to be used to pay our bills that month. At that moment, I felt my heart ached
because he was already at the age of 65 where most people had already retired but he is still
slaving his ass off in order to put food on the table for my sister and I. And there I was playing
video games. That moment lit up something within me. I told myself that I never ever want to depend
on my parents ever again in the future. I wanted to make something out of myself and become a
millionaire so that I can retire my parents. But in order to become dependent, I had to get a job.
So I got my first job at the age of 16 when I graduated from my secondary school. I was a waiter
at this bar with an outdoor grill and I was proud of it because I was damn good at the job. I was polite
to customers. I could remember the food orders by the customers easily. I could memorize the food
and drinks on the manual easily. I could wipe the table so clean that I could see my own reflection
on it and I could clear a lot of different plates and drinks really really fast and wash them really
really fast. Pretty much, I was just damn good at my job. Quite frankly, I was actually excited to start
making my own money as a teenager. And at the point of time, I was making $8 per hour and I was working
my ass off from 5pm to 11pm which meant that I got paid around $48 per day. I vividly remember there
was this one Friday evening where there was this good looking couple who had just got married and
they wanted to host their wedding dinner at the outdoor grill of the bar. So I did my job as per
usual, delivering plates and refilling glasses. It was insanely packed because the couple had invited
their family and a ton of friends. So I was just running around serving the tables for a few hours
until I felt a little bit of raindrops falling onto my face. And when it rained, it pours. So the rain
started to get heavier and heavier until eventually the manager asked everyone to go into the indoor part
of the bar. Everyone except the staff. Because we had to go back into the rain and shift all the
plates and the drinks back into the shelter for the customers. So the staff immediately took all the
umbrellas except me. Because there was no more umbrella left. So I was completely drenched from head
to toe. Like my shirt and my pants were soaking wet. It was already 10pm and I did not have my dinner
because I was rushing to work just now. So I was famished. And I also smelled like shit because
of the sweat and the rain and some alcohol spilled onto my body when I was moving the drinks in. So I
was tired, smelly, hungry, thirsty and drenched. And at that point of time, I was so sick that I whispered
to myself. And then my shift ended at 11pm. So I could finally go home. And I remember I started
crying and breaking down on the bus ride home at 12am. Because I was just so sick and tired of working
so hard at this shitty job while my friends are out there partying and having fun. That right there
was my rock bottom. The lowest point of my life. That was my first f*** this event. You see, most
people are stuck living an average life and they never bother to break free until they experience
a f*** this event. Also known as FTE. So what is a FTE? It is an event that drive you insane and makes
you realize that the conventional path is not worth it. It's like the universe giving you a reality check.
You know you are experiencing a FTE when all you could think about in that moment is,
I can't live like this anymore. It's like a wake up call that shakes you up and makes you see a whole
new reality. It's when you realize that the pain of staying in that comfort zone is worse than the
pain of breaking free. So think about what is your f*** this event. Congratulations. That's the first
step. To realize that you are living an average life and you are broke and miserable. Now it is
time to do something about it. To escape the conventional path and build a life that is truly
yours. So the question becomes, how do you get out of this depressing stage where you are broke and
miserable? Now when you are at the bottom, the only way is up. This is where you start molding your
rocky story. In order to make money from trading, you first need to have the money to start trading
with. So if you have less than $50 in your bank account, you shouldn't even be thinking about
trading. You should be thinking about how to make money. That is why your first goal in this stage
is to make at least $1,000. Make your first $1,000. Seriously, if you are completely broke and
miserable, you need to be focusing on making money right now. So at this point, at this stage, it is
still perfectly fine to exchange time for money. If you are watching this, you probably have both of
your hands and both of your legs. So there is literally no excuse for you not to have a drop or
a side hustle. If you are lazy, at least admit the fact that you are not interested in being rich
and just continue watching your Netflix and eating your ice cream buddy. But if you genuinely want to
become a fast lane trader, you have to be obsessed. You have to be so driven that you are willing to
work for someone else, even for free, just to gain some experience. I don't care if you have to work
at McDonalds, deliver newspaper or wash cars. Just do something with your life. Find a way to make
money. I myself work all types of part-time jobs, from being a waiter to even being one of those
temperature screeners that will take your temperature at the entrance of the mod during the COVID-19
pandemic. I was obsessed. I wanted to be so rich that I would do whatever it takes. That is why back
when I was broke, I would visit the library to borrow books on trading and self-improvement
or even go to secondhand bookstores to buy those used books because I simply could not afford to
spend more than $10 on a book. The harsh truth is the longer you are stuck in this phase, the harder
it will be for you to get out because you will end up being so comfortable at this point of your life
where you don't aim for anything higher. My biggest fear is being on my deathbed, wishing that I had
the courage to live a life that is true to myself and not the life others expected of me. Just close
your eyes and think about how good you will feel to become successful knowing that you came from
absolutely nothing. That is exactly how I feel right now. I am proud because my family and I are set
for life. When you escape from stage 1, you are still not free because there is a bigger trap that
is waiting for you at the next stage called the slow lane. If rock bottom was a place for the lower
class, the slow lane would be a place for the middle class. The average Joes who are just getting
by. The guys who are just surviving, not thriving. They all follow the same conventional path. Be a slave in
school and listen to your teachers. Study hard so that you can graduate with good grades and when you
graduate with good grades, then you can learn a job in the office and then continue to be a slave
in the office and work 5 days a week until the day you die. Stop drinking $10 coffee and save money.
Invest 10% of your paycheck to the stock market so you can retire rich. Don't even think about your
dream car because you can't afford it. Don't even think about enjoying your dream life until you are
65 years old. Does this sound like a good life to you? Yet society has conditioned us into thinking that
the conventional path is the only way to success and happiness. But is that really the truth? At one
point of time, just like you, I was convinced to walk the conventional path. I wanted to make so much
money that I could retire my dad and he never has to work another day in my life. So I started
studying super hard in school and it worked. I went from failing all my classes to getting straight A's
and eventually landing a job in one of the biggest real estate companies in Singapore. You know, it's
one of those 9 to 5 jobs where you are stuck in your depressing little cubicle and you get your own
work laptop and you do whatever task that the big boss asks you to do. On the first day of the job,
I needed to report to the office at 8am sharp. When I walked into the train to commute to the
office, I looked around and I will never forget this. I saw the look on the faces of every single
person on the train. They all looked miserable and frustrated because they all dreaded to going to
work. You could clearly tell that none of them wanted to be there but they had no choice because
society has conditioned them into thinking that this was the only path to success. I knew that
that was not the life I wanted for myself. At that point of time, I didn't know what I wanted in life
yet but I knew what I didn't want. To be one of those slave who sold their souls to the job. So
throughout the entire train ride to work, I was busy reading trading books on my iPad, analyzing the
charts and journaling. My motivation to study and master trading was that I simply do not want to
live like those people. And when I got home at 6pm, no matter how tired and sleepy I was, I would
continue studying the trading course that I bought and read a bunch of trading books until about 12am
where I would go to sleep and wake up at 6am and repeat the whole cycle over and over again. I was
obsessed with trading because I knew that that was the ticket to freedom, the key to escape the
unconventional path. Let me ask you a question, do you really expect to get unconventional results
by following the conventional path? If you have watched episode 1 and 2 of the Liberation series,
you would know that following everyone's advice would lead you to failure. The manipulators,
smart money, financial institutions do not follow what everyone is doing. They do the opposite of what
everyone else is doing. When everyone is buying, they are selling. When everyone is selling, they are
buying. Everybody is doing it, I won't be doing it. I will run the other direction because everyone is
not rich. Every retail trader is not profitable. If every trader was profitable, then most retail
trading advice would work and it would be perfectly fine to follow the crowd. But that's not the truth.
When the stock market crashed during the COVID-19 pandemic, everybody was selling. I understood the
fact that every crisis comes with great opportunities. And I saw a great opportunity in Tesla stock.
After doing a ton of research on it, I invested a large chunk of my life savings into Tesla stock.
So this was when I first bought Tesla stock, right? At around $440, just right after their stock split.
And then as price kept rising, right? I actually dollar cost average in and I bought in more stocks
when price was literally at the top. And then it started dipping a bit. So I bought the dip at around
$700 and also at around $600. I was busy buying stocks when everyone was selling them. That is
why whenever everyone thinks the world is about to end, new millionaires and billionaires are created
and the rich get richer while the poor get poorer. Two years later, the stock market crashed again
after a huge bull run. And guess what? I saw it coming. So I sold all my Tesla stocks right before
the crash. And I made over $45,000 just from that trade. I made money from the market by taking the
contrarian approach. Instead of following everyone's advice, I simply did the opposite of what everyone
else is doing. When everyone was buying crypto and NFTs during the crypto bull run, I stayed out of the
market because I knew that the crypto bubble is about to burst soon. And it did. As fast lane
traders, we make our decisions independently and we do not follow the herd because the herd is headed
towards the slaughterhouse. We lead the pack and have everyone else follow. However, it is easier said
than done because since the day you were born, there was certain belief that you picked up along the way
through your subconscious mind that is holding you back from being a profitable trader. For example,
the belief that saving money will make you rich. Growing up, we had nothing. So I thought that the
only way to get rich is by saving money. My family and I live in this small two-bedroom apartment which
was very cramped and run down. And I had to wear second-hand clothes that were used by other people
because we just did not have the money to afford new clothes. And my grandma would scold my mom when
she sneaked out of the house to go to the local market to get a packet of chicken rice for $4. From
the age of 7 to 12 years old, my father would give me a weekly allowance of $10. And he would always
tell me that I could always ask for more if I needed more. But from the start, I knew that he wasn't
earning a lot from the jobs that he was working as. Because he did not have any educational background,
he worked all type of odd jobs from being a food masseur to even being a cleaner at some point.
I felt bad for him so I didn't want to spend his money. So what I'll do is that I'll go to school
with that $10 and then I will purposely skip lunch and not anything just so that I can reuse that $10
for the next week. On some days, I'll spend $0.50 on a drink or $0.80 on a stick of fish balls.
And when I am really, really, really hungry, that is when I will actually spend the money.
And when I do actually spend the money, I will go for the cheapest option and get a bowl of noodles
which costs $1. This was why I was pretty malnourished in primary school. Like I was always
the shortest and the skinniest kid in class. I was taught to be frugal and save money since I was
born. I was taught by my parents, my teachers and by my friends that money is this scarce resource
that is incredibly hard to obtain. And I carried this mindset into trading and it did me more harm
than good because I became incredibly attached to the profits that I was making from trading.
And this attachment caused me to become emotional when a trade does not go in my way.
And emotions lead to impulsive threats and impulsive threats lead to losses. I'll be honest,
saving money does not make you rich. Money in the bank does not increase your income. It is simply
numbers on a screen that make you feel richer when in reality, you are as poor as you were before.
It is a huge illusion to make you happy with your slavery. You are still exchanging time for money
at the same rate. The only way to become richer is to increase your income. Another example is that
since young, we are taught that mistakes are bad. If you fail your classes and you get bad grades,
you are automatically deemed to be a loser that will never become successful in your life. And once again,
I brought this mindset into trading and I was scared to lose money and make mistakes. But in order to
become a fast lane trader, you need to get comfortable with losing money. You need to accept
that losses and mistakes are good because they allow you to improve as a trader. By now, you should wake
up and understand three things. You don't trade the market, you trade your belief about the market.
Everybody is wrong because everybody is not rich. Most importantly, the conventional path is not the
way to live a fulfilling life. It is finally time for you to take back control of your life and escape
the conventional path. In order to escape this stage, you need to attain freedom. Let's be honest,
you don't actually want money. What you really want is freedom. If you want freedom, you don't actually
need to become a million air. All you need to do is to master a high income skill that will provide
you with financial, location, and time freedom. This is the only way to break free from the
manipulators and escape this failed system. That is the main reason why I decided to become a day trader.
Financial freedom. I chose trading because there is no cap to the amount of money you can potentially
make from trading. I can open a trade on Monday and close the same trade on Friday and make about 5k to
15k depending on the lot size that I use. I can touch my heart and honestly tell you that sometimes
I make more money in a day than most people do in a year. Just last weekend, I brought my mom to shopping
and I told her that she can buy anything she wants. Do you know how good that feels? How proud she looked
knowing that her son has finally made it. Like I said earlier, we used to wear secondhand clothes
because we did not have the money to afford new clothes. And now I can buy her whatever clothes
she wants. And also last year, I brought my dad to his dream vacation twice and I paid of it with my
trading profits. I don't worry about the bills anymore. I don't live from paycheck to paycheck
anymore. And I don't look at the price of foods and drinks on the menu anymore. And it's all thanks
to Mr. Market. Location freedom. Trading also allow me to work anywhere because all you need is either a
laptop or a phone. This means that you have the freedom to work wherever you want, whether that be
working at a beach or working in a cozy cabin in the mountains. Just last year, I lived as a digital
nomad in Thailand where I was sitting at this beautiful beach watching the sunset while trading.
And actually tomorrow, I'm traveling to Bali to enjoy the fruits of my labor. If a pandemic happens
again and my country goes into a lockdown, I can bring my parents and hop onto a private jet and bring
them to somewhere with less restrictions. That is the power of location freedom. Time freedom.
Nowadays, I can wake up without an alarm clock. I don't have a boss telling me when to report to work
and what to wear. I have complete control over my schedule. That means I decide when to treat and when
to relax. Most importantly, I don't feel like time is flashing by and life is moving too fast
because I am doing something that I love and enjoy. And that is just 10 times more meaningful
and fulfilling. And it just kind of slows time down. Does that make sense? When you are a fast lane
trader, you have access to these three types of freedom. And that is when you can finally take
back control of your life and live the life of your dreams. Now, the question becomes, how do you learn
and master trading in the shortest amount of time possible? And that brings me to the next stage,
mastery. The goal of this stage is for you to achieve not just financial freedom, but also time
freedom. Think about all the highest paying jobs in the world, doctors, lawyers, bankers, and engineers.
And you will think that they are at the top of the pyramid considering how prestigious these jobs are.
But all these professions are still jobs, which means they don't provide you with true freedom.
If somebody has to tell you when to be at work, what to wear, and how to behave, you're not actually
a free person. You're not actually rich. If you cannot travel whenever you want and you don't have
the time to do whatever you want, you're not truly free, are you? By now, you should realize that
trading is perhaps one of the best ways to achieve freedom, but it is also one of the hardest ways
to make money. It took me 2-3 years to break out of the losing phase to become a fast lane trader
myself. And the truth is, you don't need to take that long as long as you master these 5 keys to
trading success. The first key is complete knowledge. The first thing you need to do is to learn everything
you can about trading. You need to learn how to analyze the charts so that you know exactly when
to buy, when to sell, and when to get out of the trade. And then you will also need to learn how
to manage your risk properly so that you can actually grow your account over time and make
money consistently. In addition to that, you must also learn how to read and understand how news and
economic reports affect the prices of the asset that you are trading. Lastly, you have to learn
how to control your emotions so that you can perform under the pressure of losing your hard
earned money. Yes, you can learn all this information for free on YouTube or the internet. You can read a
bunch of trading books and watch a ton of trading videos. But you will be overwhelmed by all the
different information and trading strategies out there. You will be lost because the information
is all over the place. Then you will waste valuable months or even years trying to figure out everything
on your own. And at some point of time, you will most likely get stuck and decide to quit trading
forever. When in reality, you are just one trade away from becoming profitable. What you truly need
is an organized curriculum that will guide you from A to Z. And that is what you will get when you
enroll into our new educational platform called the Trading Blueprint 2.0. This is the curriculum that
allowed me to go from having only $50 in my bank account to making my first $1 million at the age of
21. Till this day, we have taught over hundreds of students and we are proud to say that we have the
best success stories in the industry. One of our students called Valor followed my exact trading system
and got funded by FTMO and made over 18.5k and became a fast lane trader himself. We teach you
everything that is to know about becoming a profitable trader from scratch so that you can go
from zero to making your first 10k per month from trading. The Trading Blueprint 2.0 is designed in a way
where it benefits people who are completely new to trading, who have no prior knowledge or experience.
Everything you will learn inside works not just for Forex, but it also works for stocks and crypto. You
will go through 10 phases that will fully equip you with the right knowledge needed to become a fast lane
trader. In the first phase, you will learn all the fundamentals and basics of Forex trading and this
knowledge will help you get started with your trading journey. And then in phase 2, we have the
most in-depth trading on technical analysis where we teach you how to read and analyze the charts
using price action tools like candlestick patterns, key levers and Fibonacci retracement. Phase 3 is where
I explain to you everything about my highly profitable trading strategy from top to bottom in 60 minutes.
And then in phase 4, you will learn my best trading secrets and hacks that I use to extract profits
from the market. I will then expose my personal high win rate scalping and swing trading strategies
in phase 5. And then I will teach you how to trade news and take advantage of economic news
and announcements in phase 6 so that you don't fall for the traps that are set by the manipulators.
And then in phase 7, you will learn how to minimize your losses and maximize your profits by using the
same risk management techniques that professional traders use. And then in phase 8 is where you learn
how to trade like the top 1% and take your trading to the next level. And phase 9 is where we help you
develop the mindset of a fast lane trader so that you do not trade with your emotions. And lastly,
phase 10. This is where we teach you everything else you need to know about how to master trading.
With the launch of the Trading Blueprint 2.0, we have decided to release 3 new modules to help you
become a fast lane trader even faster. The first module is peak performance trading. By now,
you should understand that the markets are rigged against traders who trade with their emotions.
I only became a profitable trader when I started controlling my emotions. Because trading is 80%
psychology and 20% technicals. This module will allow you to perform at your highest level by teaching
you how to eliminate your emotions. We have an in-depth guide to eliminating every single one of
the trading emotions you will encounter. Be it fear, greed, confidence, anger, and even discipline.
The second module is supply and demand mastery. If you can understand supply and demand,
you will be able to trade with the big boys. Because you will be able to understand when they
are entering the market, when price is getting manipulated, when price is getting liquidity.
And when you combine price action with supply and demand, you will have a much higher win rate
because you have more tools in your arsenal to trade with. The third module is my top 1% trading
routine. Every professional trader follows a fixed daily routine because it creates structure and it
builds discipline. It is the secret weapon they use to be more focused and get into the flow state
so they can win more trades. And I will reveal to you my exact trading daily routine. What I do before
I start trading. What I do when I am inside a trade. What I do after I'm done trading for the day.
The second key to success is a wise mentor. All good things comes with a cost. And with trading,
that cost is time. Trading is incredibly difficult and it can take you years to master it. There is
no shortcut or hacks to mastery. There is no way to cut it down from 3 years of hard work to just
one month. But having a good mentor will definitely shorten your learning curve by a ton. If you want
to succeed and truly become a fast lane trader with access to financial, time and location freedom,
there is nothing more important to get you there than having a good mentor. You need to find someone
who has experienced, who has made mistakes, who has conquered countless of challenges on its way to
becoming a profitable trader. He can teach you. He can guide you and tell you this is good. This is
bad. And this will help you avoid wasting a lot of time, energy and money from trying to figure out
everything by yourself. All the classes in the trading blueprint 2.0 are taught by me personally,
but it's not really a mentorship experience. I used to run a mentorship program where there were
over hundreds of people who paid me $2,000 just for me to mentor them. Till this day,
that mentorship program has made our students profitable faster than anything else. For example,
one of our top students, called Ys, who's a fitness influencer, made over 6,000 pounds in just
one week and became a fast lane trader herself. Another one of our students from another mentorship
intake, called John, made over 1.3k swing trading gold recently using his small $10,000 account.
For the first time ever, after careful consideration, we have decided to relaunch this
mentorship program inside the trading blueprint 2.0. This means that when you decide to join us today,
you will also get enrolled into this three weeks mentorship program that will be taught by me
personally. When you go through this mentorship program, you will not only learn how to trade the
right way, but you will also be able to break free from the manipulator's conditioning and eliminate
your limiting beliefs for good. This three weeks mentorship consists of three live masterclasses.
They'll be hosted by the man, the myth, the trading gig himself. Yes, I will literally get into
a Zoom call and teach you how to trade the right way. However, due to Zoom's limitations,
this mentorship offer is only available for the first 500 people who purchased the trading blueprint
2.0. And the first class starts in January 2024. So if you want to change your life next year,
you definitely don't want to miss it. The third key is a strong community. If you want to go fast,
go alone. If you want to go far, go together. Let's be honest, trading can get extremely lonely sometimes
because we are just looking at our computer screens all day all by ourselves. It is also very difficult
to talk to your friends and your family about it when they don't understand what is trading even.
Humans are social creatures. Since the dawn of time, we humans have always hunted in tribes
because we are 10 times more powerful when we work as a team compared to being all alone. And it's the
same thing with trading. Being a part of a trading community will increase your chance of becoming a
profitable trader. That is exactly why we created an ultra-exclusive private community group called
The Profits Mastermind for our traders to reach their fullest potential. Inside this community,
you will be able to meet and network with other traders from all over the world. We have students at
different stages in their trading journey from pro traders to trading veterans and even beginner
traders. If you have any questions or you run into a roadblock in your trading journey, you can always
post a question inside the community and then there will be experienced and enthusiastic traders that are
more than happy to help you out. The best part about The Profits Mastermind is that you can discuss
trade setups and strategies with other members of the community itself. Most importantly, being a part
of a community introduces an element of unwavering accountability, which is the fourth key to success.
Two hits are better than one. That is why it is essential for you to find an accountability partner
and you can easily find one inside The Profits Mastermind. At the end of the day, I can give you the best
trading knowledge and teach you everything I know about trading, but it is useless unless you show up
every single day. Consistency is the key to success because the trader who works when he don't feel like
it will always beat the trader who works only when he feels like it. Now, there will be days where you
don't feel like it. You don't feel like starting the trading course. You don't feel like practicing or
backtesting your trading strategies. When those days come, what you need is an accountability partner
that will throw the tower back at you and tell you to get your shit together and go do the very things
that you don't want to do. Having an accountability partner will also help you build discipline,
which is a quality that every single fast lane trader has within them. When you do the hard things
and you keep the promises you make to yourself, you will naturally become more confident in your trading
abilities and then you will naturally make more money from trading because now you trust your
analysis because you have put in the work. The final key to success is to have the right tools.
You are only as good as the tools you use. The trading blueprint 2.0 is focused on getting our
students to become profitable as fast as possible and we realize that we can't do that unless we provide
them with the right tools. That is why we decided to go the extra mile and build the vaults.
Inside the vaults contains trading tools that will help you become a better and a more disciplined
trader so that you can make more profits from trading. Here's a few tools that are inside the vaults.
The emotion compass and the rational framework to help you be more calm and in control of your trading.
The profits matrix to help you follow the habits of professional traders.
The victorious trading plan so that you stay grounded to your trading rules.
Now that's not the end. As time passes, we will be adding more tools to help you guys out.
Like I said, my main purpose with the trading blueprint 2.0 is to transform you to go from a
complete beginner to becoming a profitable trader. Just like what we did for Ama here,
who managed to make his first $1,000 from trading after joining our program.
When you have all five of these keys to trading success, that is when you will become a fast lane
trader yourself and unlock a life of complete freedom. Which brings us to stage 4, the liberation.
The word liberation means freedom. Stage 4 is the best stage to be in because this is a stage where you
unlock complete freedom and you live the life of your dreams. Now, freedom means different things for
everybody. For you, it might be the ability to quit the job that you hate so that you can pursue trading
full time. Or you might even want to provide and take care of the people that you love. Or it can
simply be the ability to do whatever you want, whenever you want. When you finally become a fast lane
trader, you have earned the right to play by different rules. And you never have to worry about
being controlled again because you have set yourself free from the strings of the manipulators. You will be able
to know exactly when to trade and when not to trade. Most importantly, you will be able to break free
from all the limiting beliefs that you might have and live life on your own terms by your own rules.
So right now, you have two options. The first option is to do nothing and remain at where you are in life
right now. Forget about everything you have learned during this whole liberation event. Forget about living
your dream life. Forget about that dream car you've always wanted to drive. Continue living paycheck to
paycheck. Continue wasting time and money trying to look for the perfect trading strategy and figure
out everything by yourself. Or the second option, become a fast lane trader yourself. That means you
will need to master the five keys to trading success. Number one, complete knowledge. Number two, wise
mentor. Number three, strong community. Number four, unwavering accountability. And lastly, the right
tools. With these exact same principles, we have helped students who are just kids who are still
studying in high school, people who barely speak English, people who are working full-time jobs,
all of these different group of people to successfully master trading and achieve financial freedom,
while also enjoying location and time freedom. If you want to learn from me personally,
you can access all five keys inside the trading blueprint 2.0. So let me repeat to you again
what you will get for joining us. Immediate access to the trading blueprint course so you can start
learning everything you need to know about trading. Unlock three new modules, big performance trading,
supply and demand mastery, and my top 1% trading routine. Three weeks live mentorship that will be
taught by me personally. Enrolment into the profits mastermind, which is our private community that we
build for our students to reach their fullest potential. My best scalping, intraday, and swing
trading strategies. How I personally trade. Many more advanced trading secrets that are hidden from
the public. Valuable trading tools inside the vaults. The total price for this new package would be in the
tens of thousands of dollars. If you were to buy each one of these things separately, because of how
insanely valuable all of these things are. Especially the mentorship program where we had students paid
over $2,000 just to get mentored by me personally. To be very honest, if you were to pay 10k for this
whole package, it would be a steal knowing that our average student makes their first profit after 63 days
of joining our program. And some of them even go on to make consistent profits of 5k to 10k per month.
You simply can't lose money by enrolling into the trading blueprint. However, you are not going to be
paying the total price of $10,000 for this whole package. In fact, you're not even going to be paying
the full price of $847. Because we decided to give back to the trading industry by making this whole
package accessible to everyone, especially those people who are just starting out on their trading
journey because they are the ones who need it the most. Which is why we are only charging you $65
per month that is built annually. This offer is only available until next Sunday, which give you
one week from now to decide. After that, the price will return to $847 and you won't have the chance
to access the three weeks mentorship by the trading gig himself ever again. And bear in mind that only
the first 500 people who join us will be part of the three weeks mentorship program. We are opening
enrollments right now. So if you want to be part of the Fastlane Traders, claim your subscription to the
trading blueprint 2.0 now. You can find the link to enroll in the description below. Whatever stage you
are currently in right now, I need you to get to the top as soon as possible. Because let us not
forget the cold hard reality. There is still a war going on against traders and the manipulators are
still pulling the strings in order to deprive us of freedom and keep us silent. The only way to stop
this is for us to step up to become Fastlane Traders who don't put up with this nonsense they are trying to
shove down our throats. The longer you wait, the more the manipulator's grand plan will take effect
and the closer they will get to implementing the final stage where they have complete control over
us. And when that happens, there is nothing we can do to stop them. So either you free yourself now or
you regret your decisions later. This is your last chance to become a Fastlane Trader. The year 2023 is
about to end. 2024 will be a new year. And right now, you have the power and the opportunity in your
hands to forge a new path, create a new identity for yourself and achieve the life you have always
dreamed of. Do not wait any longer because the best time to start was 2 years ago. The second best time
is now. Click the first link in the description and I'll be waiting for you inside the trading blueprint.
