So in this video, I want to share with you some secret Forex trading hacks that I wish
somebody has told me when I started. These hacks will really really transform your trading and
take your trading to the next level. The first hack is actually this indicator called sessions.
So how you get this beautiful indicator is by going to the indicator step right here and just
search sessions. And when you search sessions, you'll find there's a lot right here and I need
you to select the Luxe Algo one. So you click on this one right here. And as you can see,
the sessions indicator literally popped out for you. So why this session indicator is so useful is
not only it separates like the trading sessions into like different days, like Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday, but it also separates all the different trading sessions into like the different time
sessions, like the Tokyo session, the London session, the New York session, and the Sydney session, right?
So now when you look at this, you are able to see what session are you in right now? Because you
guys must understand that different currency pairs, they will move differently during each trading
session. Example, gold can move a lot during all three sessions, but your USD, it can move a lot during
the London session and the New York session, but move very, very little during the Tokyo and the Sydney
session. So all of these are just some examples of like how the different currency pairs, they will
move differently during each session. The reason why this is so important is because during which
trading session does your favorite currency pair move the most, give you the most amount of
opportunity, then you want to trade during that session. So example, if your USD is going to move a
lot and give you the most amount of opportunity during the London session and the New York session,
then guess what? I'm going to be trading either the London or the New York session, which means during
the Tokyo or Sydney session, I will not be trading. If you notice the different trading sessions, it
change the trend direction whenever a new session starts. So what I mean by that is that you can see
right here, Sydney and Tokyo session consolidate a little bit and then when the London session starts,
break out the consolidation and then it reverse and head back up. And then when the New York session
start, it actually reverse and go back down. So this is exactly another reason on why you guys must
understand the different trading sessions. During the start of each trading session, price may change
direction, price may reverse, right? Depending on the new buyers. So by having this indicator, you will know
that, oh, London session is starting soon, New York session is starting soon. So maybe I can look to
either trade in the opposite direction or get out of any current positions that I have right now. And in
addition to all these boxes that you have right here, you can also see like, it literally tells
you like what session you are in right now, what's active, what's inactive, and also show you some
sort of volume that we have right here. The trading volume for the New York session is the highest,
followed by the London, followed by Tokyo and followed by Sydney session. So that's the first hack
that you guys must understand. Now the second hack involves one of my favorite technical analysis tool
out there and that is called the Fibonacci retracement tool. So a lot of you guys may understand
how to use the Fibonacci retracement tool. If you don't, you can check out this video that I have
right here. It's on my YouTube channel. You can just watch the whole course, free course on Fibonacci.
But basically, when you draw your Fibonacci from point A to point B, before price starts retracing,
you will see these are the retracement levels and these are the extension levels. Basically,
price will retrace to either one of these retracement levels. And then after the price is done retracing,
is going to go down to the extension level, either one of these extension levels. So in this case,
my second hack for you will be to combine your Fibonacci with your key levels. So example, what
even better is that, let's say right here, price has managed to retrace all the way up to this
50 retracement level. Guess what? If you look towards the left, you can see there's a little support area
being formed right here. So in this case, this support area lines up with the 50 retracement
levels. So this gives us like an additional confluence for us to actually enter for a sale.
So when I see this, I can easily enter for a sale right here because now I got additional confluence
that tell me that price is going to reverse at this key level right here and it's going to continue to
head back down. And in this case, your take profit can, like I said, either be at the extension level
or at the next key level. And if you look at this, there's a next key level somewhere right around
here, right? Somewhere right around here, there's a key support level and it also lines up with the
61.8 extension level or even this negative 27 extension level right here, there's like a key
support area somewhere right around here and you can see it kinda lines up with the negative 27 extension
level. In this case, you can see how this beautiful trade just play out, right? Because remember,
price will not just go anywhere. Price must move from one key level to the next key level. Price will
not move randomly. And then you can see eventually price goes down to our negative 61.8 level right
here and it also like pierced right through it, alright? It also lines up this support level.
And in this case, look at what price did. Price come back up to retest this key support area and guess
what? You can draw another Fibonacci right here and you can see this time around, the Fibonacci, the 61.8
retracement level lines up with this key support area that we have right here. Most people might
think this is some random phenomenon but no, this is how the market works. Price will move from
one major key level to the next major key level. And you can see after price comes up to this,
easily enter for a sell and take profit at the next extension level which will be all the way down
here. As simple as that. Now here's another example in uptrend. You can see right here, I can draw
like a little resistance area right here, right? 1, 2, 3, 3 bounce over here. So there's a little
resistance area right here. And in this case, I can draw your Fibonacci from point A to point B.
And look, literally the 61.8 level kinda lines up with this key level that we have right here. This
key resistance level that we have drawn right here. And you can see price has managed to retrace all the
way down here. So easily enter for a buy. Enter for a buy right here, take profit at the next extension
level. As simple as that. Now the third hack is on heads and shoulders. I believe that most of you
guys watching this will know how to trade heads and shoulders. You guys know the basics. Basically,
you want to enter when price break through the neckline which is right here, right? That's what
most of the textbooks say, right? Most of the internet, everything is telling you to enter when price
breaks through the neckline. Right here, this is the neckline. Break straight, then you enter for a sell,
right? Because this gives you more confirmation and you feel more confidence that tell you that price
is gonna go down now. But if you wanna get sniper entry, what I like to do is to enter when price
is forming the right shoulder. So instead of entering right here, when price is already broken
through the neckline, I can enter right here when price is forming the right shoulder. And this will
give me a nicer entry which means I'm able to reduce my risk, have a higher risk to the work ratio,
and basically get a nice sniper entry in general. In this case, as you can see, we have a very beautiful
heads and shoulders right here. You can see this is the left shoulder, this is the head, and then
this is the right shoulder. So how I will trade this is that I will wait for price to get to the left
shoulder, right? So you can see, the more price from the head, I'm gonna be waiting for price to
form is right shoulder, right? So how you form this right shoulder is when price goes down,
come back up to this left shoulder area that we have drawn right here, this zone right here,
and that is when I can enter for a sell. So there were two ways we can enter for a sell,
enter for a sell right here where price touch this left shoulder and it's trying to form his right
shoulder right here, or enter for a sell like somewhere right here when price come back up to
retest this area again. So for me personally, I will have entered right here when price is coming up to
form this right shoulder that we have right here. So there we have your left, right shoulder, and your
head, right? So easily enter for a sell right here, and then I'm gonna be taking my take profit all the way
down at the next key support level, which could literally be all the way down here, right? This
is the next key support level, literally all the way down here. And you can see by doing this, you
have like a much higher risk to reward ratio compared to when you enter after price break to the neckline.
So in this case, you can see neckline is actually right here, right? So if you enter for a sell right
here, stop loss above this key resistance area, your risk to reward ratio will be like so much lesser.
So here is two and here is five, right? You literally have like double the risk to reward ratio
just because you enter at the right shoulder, you get a nicer entry, tighter stop loss compared to if you
enter after price break through the neckline, which is usually a little bit too late. Also, make sure you
look for your multiple confluences before you enter at this right shoulder because the last thing you want
to do is to enter immediately when price is forming the right shoulder and you start seeing price actually
like reversing your head back up, right? So be careful. Here's another example on the heads and
shoulders. You can see right here, we have your left shoulder, head and your right shoulder. Before
price has formed its right shoulder, I'm going to draw like a key level right here. I'm going to wait
for price to get up to this left shoulder area that we have right here. And you can see in this case,
that's exactly what it does. Coming up to this left shoulder right here and you could have entered for
sell right here, take profit all the way down at the next key level, which will be all the way down here.
right? Very, very beautiful trade compared to if you enter where after a price break through the
neckline, which is like somewhere right around here. And you can see it's only like one is the three,
right? Now the fourth hack that I have for you is actually something that I've read in like multiple
technical analysis books, but I didn't realize that it was true until I really tried and tested it out,
right? So that is to measure the impulse move. So what are impulse move? Impulse move are basically move
like this where just boom, boom, boom, like just goes up by a lot, right? It just goes up by a lot.
So how you measure impulse move is by like taking like a trend line to like, like this, like this little trend
line to right here. And you can mark up all the little impulse. So very, very simple. You can see this is a huge impulse,
right? So you drag from the low to the high before price starts retracing. And by doing this, you copy this and you paste it. So you can kind of like predict where price is going to go after it's done, like,
retracing and consolidating. And then you can see price actually managed to go up here again and draw
another impulse, copy and paste this one again and put it right here. You can see it's not going to be
accurate 100% of the time, all right? Because that's the point of technical analysis, right? It's not going
to work every single time, but it gives you like an estimate of where price is going to go next.
So if I know that this is the first impulse, then I enter for a buy somewhere right around here,
where price is consolidating. My take profit cap level could be like this distance that we have
right here, which could be all the way up here. Price made this impulse and I did not manage to get
in. So I want to get in for when price is consolidating like this, right? So I will enter
for a buy right here. And I will measure the impulse move that I have right here, this previous impulse
move. Copy and paste this one and then paste it up to like somewhere right around here. And this will be
my take profit level at this impulse move. Okay, price did this huge down impulse move.
And then I will copy the trend line. And the price is consolidating that I can enter for a sell
somewhere right around here. And now I'm going to be taking profit at this, using this impulse
length that we have right here. So taking profit somewhere right around there. So this can be very,
very useful if you are scalping or if you are intraday trading. Now my fifth hack that I have for you
guys is to actually trade from trading view. You know how much of a hassle it is to like go on to MetaTrader for
after you have analyzed the charts on trading view and then execute for a buy or sell the order on your
MetaTrader for on your phone. Even though you analyze the charts on trading view on your laptop
right. So that can give you like an extra gap between so you end up like entering at a price
where it's right it's different from the one that is on trading view. So how you can fix this is actually
by connecting your broker to trading view. So they can trade directly from trading right. So these are
the brokers that will allow you to do so right. So I'll recommend you to use like any of the legitimate,
the certified, the regulated one like all these like four star, five star, this will all be pretty
good right. So how you can do that is by like literally go sign a broker account with any of
this broker and then press this connect button and it will connect your account onto trading view.
So that you can literally buy and sell on trading view and then the spread difference won't be that
much right. So this will really save you a lot of time compared to like you literally analyze the charts
but then you have to go onto MetaTrader4 on your phone. So that's just like a little bonus tip for you
boomers who do not know how to use trading view. Now the final tip that I have for you guys is to
journal your trades right. Journaling your trades is something that is goddamn important. I literally
can't emphasize the importance of journaling your trades. By journaling your trades you will learn
from your mistakes and once you're able to learn from your mistakes that's how you can actually become
a profitable and a more better trader. Because you will know that you're becoming a better trader
when you are making less mistakes. You are making the less of the beginner mistakes that you used to
make like over trading using a lot size way too big for your account and now you're actually starting
to follow your trading plan using a position size calculator. So all of these little things are
things that will help you become a profitable and a more better trader. And how do you know that you
should start doing these things? It's by having a trading journal by reflecting over your mistakes,
learning from your losses, learning from your mistakes. And I literally give you like a free
trading journal format like that's my own trading journal format that you can download in the link
in the description. So check it out right now right. It's called my winning trading journal. You need to
get it guys. All you have to do is to like put in your email and the trading journal will be sent to
your email. So check your email. And smash on the like button if you have enjoyed this video and you have
learned something and hit on that subscribe button because my content is absolutely garbage. Just kidding.
And you should definitely watch this video next and remember you're just one trade away.
