So you're about to watch a live trading session that I did with my students yesterday inside the
1% clock. It's raw, it's unfiltered, you're gonna see exactly how I map up my market structure
from the higher time frame down to the lower time frame, how I build my buyers from A to Z
and how I think through the market in real time. And by the way, if you want to learn my full
mechanical trading system, get access to my entry models and the exact trading routine that I use
every single day, make sure you sign up for my upcoming 3-day live bootcamp that I'm hosting
next week. Because that's where I'm going to break down the full system, my full trading day
from start to finish. With that said, enjoy this video. Happy trading!
I'm gonna break down my end-of-the-art process on how I will approach your USD right now.
Okay, so first of all, if you guys went through the market mechanics course, if you guys went
through the lessons, you guys should know that the first thing you do is to always map out your
structure from the higher time frame all the way down to the lower time frame. The reason why we
do this is because we want to make sure that we kind of identify like what is the overall trend
direction right now? Who's in control of price? Whether that's the demand, whether that's the
supply, based on that, then we can make the right course of action. Then we can develop the right
trade buyers, the right trade idea, whether we should go for longs or whether we should go for
shorts, right? So that is why first thing I do is always come up to the higher time frame, the daily
time frame, and I map out my structure. Now, it should be very obvious when you are doing this step,
right? The market can only move three ways, up, down, sideways. And if it's not going up, it's going down.
If it's not going down or up, it's going sideways. That's it. So right now, if I look at this chart
just like this, clear as day it's going up. But the fact that it's going up doesn't tell us anything.
It doesn't tell us where we want to enter. It doesn't tell us where we actually want to scan
for trading opportunities. It's useless. So that is why we map out the market structure. We map out
market structure so we can define the range in which we want to focus our time, energy, and attention on.
So right here, this is where I can apply my concepts of market structure, higher high,
higher low. And then this is where I can identify that this is all my bullish break of structure to
the upside. Okay? So this is bullish break of structure to the upside, higher high. And then
this is the most recent break of structure, right? So higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low.
So those are like the most obvious break of structure. So I define those as the swing bullish
break of structure. Just by doing this alone, I can pretty much identify that this right here is
the most recent break of structure, which also means that the lowest point at greater this break
of structure is going to be my most recent daily swing low. Okay? Daily swing low, right? So this
is a strong low because we are in an uptrend. And then this is a weak high because once again,
in an uptrend, price is creating weak highs and strong lows. Okay? So that's the first step. Now,
like I said, the reason why we do that is because we want to like just define the range in which we
want to focus on. All right? So you can see just now I was like looking at this, I don't know where
to focus on. But now after I define my swing range, I know that this range from 1.208 all the way down
to 1.14, this is the range in which we are trading with Dean right now. So anything outside of this
range is simply a distraction. It's none of my business. As simple as that. So that's the first
step. Now, after doing this, remember what we thought about internal structure. Internal structure
basically means that everything in between your swing high and your swing low is simply your internal
structure. Right? So everything in between, this is swing low, this is swing high. So everything over
here, you know, all of these higher highs, higher lows, right here, this is your internal structure.
Okay? So if I were to go in one layer down, this is where I can mark up my internal break of structure.
There's one right here. There's another one right here. And then there's other like sort of smaller
internal break of structure like here and here, right? This is like the second layer of the internal
break of structure. Right? But basically all of this is just your internal structure. And if I look at
this, this is the last internal break of structure, which means that this is the last internal low.
And guess what? Price has just came down to call the last internal low, giving us our market shift.
What does this tell us? This tell us that on the lower timeframe, the internal structure has shifted
bearish. Now, why did it shift bearish? You must understand the narrative of price. You must understand
the objective of price. It shifted bearish because it want to facilitate the pullback.
We all know that price cannot go up forever. Just like in the real world, gravity will eventually
pull price down. Nothing goes up forever. So in this particular case, since price has been going up
quite often, quite significantly for a long last time, it's time for gravity to do its thing and pull
price back down to fair value. Okay? Back down to fair value so that there's more demand, so that
institutions deem it as cheap for them to actually enter the long positions from. So that is exactly
what's happening right now. We are in the pullback phase. Okay? Price has shifted bearish in the short
term to facilitate the pullback. It doesn't necessarily mean that price has shifted bearish in
the higher timeframe and we're about to go to a reversal and price is going to go down just like
this. No. We only got a market shift on the internal structure, which just indicate that price is just in
a pullback. And the question becomes, where is price putting back to? Like I said earlier, price is
putting back to fair value. Okay? Fair value means what? Price is potentially going to be creating a
new higher low right here. And then when there's sufficient demand step into the market, price is
going to continue pushing to the upside. So that's our assumption on like the objective of price right
now. That's our hypothesis. Okay? Once again, it's not proven. It's simply a hypothesis. It's just like,
okay, I think price is going to do it. But is it going to do that? We don't know, right? We don't
know. We don't have a crystal ball. So what happens next is that after the market shift,
price actually shifted bearish, continued crashing down here. And this is where price came down and
took out that daily strong low. Yo, quick pause from the video. If you've been watching me for a
while, but you are still not consistently profitable or making the money that you want from trading,
listen up. From March 24th to 26th, I'm running a three-day live trading bootcamp
where I'm teaching the exact habits and mindset shift that took me from losing tens of thousands
of dollars to now making millions a year. It's the exact same mechanical trading system that helped
over hundreds of my students go from inconsistent and unprofitable to now getting funded and
consistently making anywhere from 10k to 50k a month. Because here's the truth. You probably
already have good enough strategies to be profitable. But the real reason that most traders still lose
money is because they don't understand how the market works and they never fix the habits and
psychology that's keeping them broke. And that's exactly what I'm solving with this three-day bootcamp.
Anyways, tickets are now live and on early bird pricing. So grab yours before the price goes up.
It's the top link in the description. Now let's get back to the video.
Now, this is where it gets a little bit interesting. Because if price take out the daily strong low,
this means that we can potentially get a market shift to the downside. And this would be the first sign
of reversal. But if you guys have learned liquidity concepts, you will also know that this could
simply just be a liquidity sweep for price to sweep the available liquidity below the previous strong
low for price to go up even further. Okay, so it could either be a market shift or it could be a
liquidity sweep. How do we discern which one is it? How do we know is it a liquidity sweep or is it a market
shift? It depends on the follow through. It depends on what's going to happen next. Right now, at this
point of time, I don't know. Yes, the mechanical rule states that if the candlestick body close below
the previous swing low, it is counted as a market shift. Yes, that's technically true, right? So if
you're applying the mechanical rule of mechanical market structure, this would be a market shift.
But the thing is, like I said, we don't actually know for sure until price actually form the next
few candlesticks, until we get a follow through to see whether we get a V-shaped reaction just like
this. If it does, it's a liquidity sweep or later on price actually, you know, pull back to the supply
or whatever and then continue going down even further, creating an internal break of structure or a
break of structure to the downside, our bearish break of structure, which indicate that this right here
is a reversal and this becomes a valid market shift. So at this point of time, we don't know. We don't know
whether it's a reversal or it's a market shift. No, we don't know whether it's a reversal or simply a
liquidity sweep. All we can do is to just wait patiently for what price is going to do next. So at this
point of time, I'm not going to be rushing to enter for a sell. I'm not going to be rushing to enter for a
buy because like I said, I'm patient enough and I just want to wait for the market to
review its hand. Okay, so that's what we do on the daily timeframe, right? Just at a high level, get a bias,
you know, whether you want to buy or sell. And in this particular case, since I cannot develop a clear bias,
this is where I will most likely stay out of the market until either one of these actually happens, right?
Either one of those two scenarios actually play out. Then I will move accordingly. If price does
this, you know, create an internal break of structure to the downside, validating this market
shift. Now price has confirmed to us that the swing structure has shifted bearish, which also means
that we should be looking for sales. We should be looking for shorts. Now, on the other hand, if the
first scenario play out, which means this is just a liquidity sweep, you know, price maybe come up here,
create another market shift to the upside. Internal structure starts shifting from bearish to bullish.
This is where we know that, okay, right now price is going to continue moving to the upside.
And this is where we look for longs.
Okay, so until either one of those two scenarios actually happen,
UDSD, it's going to be very difficult for me to actually get like a proper bias.
And I always say this to all my students. If you cannot, no, if the trade idea does not hit your
head like a two by four truck, then you don't have one. A trade idea that is good, that has high
probability, it'll be so freaking obvious for you that it'll be impossible for you not to take the
trade, right? So it's like you will jump into the trade itself when you see like a high probability
set up, right? Because you know within yourself, within your trade plan that it pretty much lines
up with everything and you will have the confidence and the conviction to execute. If the trade idea
is not obvious, just stay out. When in doubt, just stay out. Okay, so that's what we do on the daily
timeframe. Now let's move on to the medium timeframe, which for me, it's either the four hour
or the one hour timeframe itself. Okay, so at this point of time, you do the exact same thing like
what you have done on the daily timeframe, right? Because all we are doing right here is that we are
simply narrowing our focus. Okay, so this is where I'm looking at what price is doing right now.
Okay, you can see this on the lower timeframe, we have established that internal structure is
bearish, right? On the daily timeframe. Now, this internal structure on the daily timeframe is
literally the exact same thing as the swing structure on the four hour timeframe. Okay, so right now
we're on the four timeframe and we see that price is creating lower highs, lower lows, lower highs,
lower lows, right? So you can map all of that up as your internal break of structure, so on and so
forth, right? So let me just map all of those up right here. And if you do that, then you will realize
that this is the last break of structure to the downside, which also means that this right here
becomes your four hour swing high, and this right here becomes your four hour swing low.
And notice how we literally just narrowed our focus from like, how many pips is this? This is about
like 600 pips. And now the new four hour swing range, it's only about 250 pips. Okay, so now we got a point
in time, in space that we want to actually focus on, right? This right here is going to get all our
attention. That means whatever that happened right here, none of our concern, right? All of this,
none of our concern, none of our business, right? It's not our concern. Okay, we want to focus on what
price is doing right now. We want to stay grounded in the present moment. Okay, because this is where
the real money is made. The real money is made in the present moment, not in anticipating the future,
not in living in the past. It's made in the present moment. So quick little psychology team,
this also means that whatever that happened yesterday, whatever that happened last week,
whatever that happened last month, doesn't matter. Every single movement in the market is unique.
And this also means that every single trade outcome is not predetermined by your previous trades.
No, it doesn't work like that. Just because you lost the last trade doesn't mean that you're going
to lose the next trade or it doesn't increase the chance of you winning the next trade. It's
simply random. Every single trade outcome is random. Like this month alone, I had took two losses in a
row. Last month, best month ever. If you guys seen my live trade breakdown on my second channel,
Brad Trades, or even seen my Instagram, you'll see that last month was perhaps the most amount of
money I've ever made in my entire day trading career. But then this month, I had took two losses in a
row, right? Two losses in a row, haven't even won a single trade yet. And at this point of time,
I could either like sit there and sulk and be disappointed in myself, or I can continue executing
my trade plan. And the thing about professional traders is that they are not immune to losses,
right? They are not sad. They are not angry. They also feel emotions. It's just that they do not let
emotions affect their execution. They continue executing their trade plan day in, day out,
right? And that is why we actually build Edgeflow. Edgeflow allows you to actually stick to your
trading plan as much as humanly possible. It doesn't let emotions control you whatsoever. It
saves you from yourself. It saves you from actually impulse trading, over trading, forcing trades, all of
that stuff. Okay? So now, after you have identified a four-hour swing range, this is where you go one
step even further. And you ask yourself, what's going on on the four-hour timeframe? What's the
story that's trying to tell me right now? And this lines up with exactly like what we just covered on
the daily timeframe. Basically, price took out this low right here. We are waiting for a follow-through,
right? Remember, like I said, this is the market shift now. But this cannot be confirmed as a
market shift until we get, you know, price continue going down even further, creating like an internal
break of structure, which validate this market shift. And then if this is a liquidity sweep,
then ideally, we want to see a V-shaped reaction just like this. And ideally, we want to see price
come up here to take out this last lower high, creating a market shift. Because if that happens,
that just tells us that smart money has essentially used all the demand, right? Have used all the liquidity
that was swept to fuel price all the way up here. And it was so overwhelming that it actually took
out the last lower high. It requires a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of money for price to actually
break a structure, right? For price to actually break a structural high or low. So if price later
come up here and take out this last structural lower high, this means that there is a shit ton of
demand in the market. Okay? So that tells us that, yeah, that is a liquidity sweep right here. This is
just a liquidity sweep. So right now, for our time frame, reaffirming my bias on the daily time frame
itself. Bias, still the same, right? We are not doing anything until either one of those things
actually happen. And then this is where you want to go down to the 15-minute time frame, which could
be the lower time frame for some of you guys watching this, or the 5-minute time frame. And this
is where you look for entry models. But at this point of time, before you go down to those lower
time frame, you need to ask yourself, where am I entering the trade on? Where do I want
to actually enter for a buy or enter for a sell? Okay? So the next thing you want to figure out
is the location. Now you have figured out the trend direction, you have figured out your
trade bias. The next thing is the location. Where exactly is price going to respect? Or
where exactly is price going to break past? Where exactly is price going to reverse from?
So at this point of time, this is where you move on to the next step, which is to map out
the point of interest. So you map out your supply and demand zones, you map out your order blocks,
you map out your flip zones, you map out your flip plus sweep zone, whatever zones that you
can mark up, try to identify those. And you identify those within the swing range that you
have literally narrowed your focus on, right? So this is the 4-hour swing range right here.
And so this is where I can go and identify any sort of point of interest that I see within
the swing range. Okay? So I always start from the extreme. I always start from the last swing
lower high, right? So in this case, this is the 4-hour swing high. Okay? So this is where
I can map out my 4-hour supply right here. And then if you want to use the refine method,
you can also mark up the extreme just like this. And then there's another 4-hour supply right
here, another pivot supply right here. And then there's another one right here. Okay?
So there's multiple supply zones right here. So at this point of time, you have seen 4-hour
supply zone, 4-hour supply zone, and then there's another 4-hour supply zone right here.
The next question becomes, which point of interest in which we want to enter the trade from?
Which point of interest is price going to rest back? Before I answer that question, let me just
quickly answer Vin's question, which she asks, if we are going to narrow down to the internal
structure to focus on anyway, what is the point of determining the swing range? Good question.
So the first thing we do is to always identify the daily swing range, because we want to know
where exactly in time price is right now, right? Because if you don't do the first step, you will
not be able to figure out the internal range. Or you will figure out the internal range. But what
happens is that you may neglect the higher time frame swing range. What I basically mean by that
is that if you jump straight down to the lower time frame itself. So let's say today, I go down
to the chart, I go to the 4-hour time frame straight away, and I map out my internal high
and internal low. And this is where I'm essentially blind to what's going on on the higher time frame.
So now I'm on the 4-hour time frame, and I see that price is the downtrend. Price is going down,
right? If price is going down, I'm sure as hell going to enter for a sell. So internal lower high
right here, internal low right here. So brand price comes up here, I'm just going to happily
enter for a sell right here, thinking that price is going to continue going down just like this.
And when you do that, what happens next is that price goes up there, you see your entry model,
you execute, yes sir. And then later on, price continue going up. And you wonder why is that the
case. After all, you entered for a sell when price is in a downtrend, right? That's because you've
neglected the higher time frame. Because if you go back up to the higher time frame, what you have
actually seen is that price is at a daily swing low, which means that there's going to be a lot
of demand in the market itself. This is why we do what we do. I will never ever ask you guys to waste
your time doing stupid shit, that doesn't matter. I will ask you guys to follow a methodical process
just like this to avoid the false move, to avoid getting trapped in the wrong move. Okay, so Vin,
does that answer your question? Just let me know down in the chat. Basically, you want to make sure
that you look at both time frames so that you as much as possible is aligned with the real flow of
money, the real institutional flow of the money, which is usually on the higher time frame itself.
So let me go back to my previous question, which is the four hour time frame, right? So at this
point of time, which point of interest is price going to respect, right? So this is where you have
your extreme supply zone right here, and then followed by another supply zone right here, and then
there's another supply zone right here. So let's call this point of interest A, right? The extreme zone
is A, the narrow extreme zone is B, and then this other supply zone is C. So let me know down in the
chat, which zone do you think price is going to respect? A, B, or C? Which is the zone that price
is going to touch and then start reversing and continue going down? Let me know down in the chat.
Cool, cool, cool. Once again, no right or wrong answer, guys. Every single person is looking at the
market in their own lands, right? For some scalpel, it might think is this. For some swing trader, it
might think is this. For some people who have been burned by EU, my thing is this. Based on your
accumulation of your experience, you will have developed a certain preconceived bias on the market
itself, especially on EURSD. And then based on that, that is going to determine your answer.
Okay, so once again, no right or wrong answer. But in my humble opinion, I will tell you that honestly,
I have no idea which point of interest price is going to respect because I don't have a crystal ball,
because I am not a fortune teller. But the thing is, you don't need to predict where price is going to
respect in order to make money from this market. All you got to do is to react when the move actually
happens. So with that said, is there things we can do, you know, to increase the probability of price
actually respecting a point of interest, right? To increase the chances of the trade idea actually
working out. Well, if you are applying the concept of market mechanics, right? Point of interest ABC.
This means that if we are ranking each one of this point of interest by in terms of like probability
in which like, which one is going to be the strongest, the strongest is always going to be A,
right? Because A is the extreme supply zone, right? That is situated at the last four hours swing high,
which means that if price actually respect this high right yield and continue going down,
then the bearish downtrend is actually still intact, right? This is just price creating a new lower high
for price to actually go down even further. So this four hours strong low, this supply zone situated at
a four hours strong low, it has to hold in order for price to remain bearish. That's why in theory,
it is the most strongest or is the most high probability compared to B and C. Now, it also
swept liquidity, right? So price went down, pullback comes up, later on price came up there, swept
liquidity before price going down even further. So this is not just an ordinary four hour swing low,
it is a four hour protected low, right? So because of the liquidity sweep that we have right here,
which makes this extreme supply zone quite high probability, right? Quite high probability, right?
Not just a supply zone, supply zone situated at the extreme swing high and it also swept liquidity,
right? So quite high probability. And then the thing is that it also have inducement, right?
So you also have inducement that is situated near the zone itself. Price goes down here,
pulls back, comes down. So this is also what? Your available liquidity. So in theory, A is the zone that
is the most high probability because it's the zone with the most amount of confluences. It's the zone with
the most amount of like brownie points. And then followed by B, right? B is still quite near A,
right? So B is still quite near the extreme, right? So technically it's more high probability than C.
So the more extreme the zone is, right? Like the more, the closer it is to the most recent structural high
or low the zone is situated, the higher the probability of it is, right? So by that definition, A, B, C,
that's the order in which price is, that's the order in which the zone is probably like the strongest-ish,
right? So A is the strongest followed by B followed by C. That's theory. But we all know that theory
doesn't actually transition into the real world. Because the thing is, sometimes, because there's
so many different variables, there's so many different nuances, there's so many different
factors, price can always blast right through A, B, C, or price can come up to C and just continue going
down just like this. It really depends on the context of the market. It depends on liquidity,
it depends on the power struggle between the supply and demand, it depends on the timing,
it depends on news, it depends on a shit ton of other factors out there. So that's why I say I don't
have a crystal ball, I'm not a fortune teller, which also means that I don't know for sure which zone
price is going to rest back. It could be A, it could be B, it could be C, but I don't know for sure which one.
All I know is that if I'm betting my money on the one that is going to rest back, it's most likely
going to be A if price want to remain bearish. Okay, if price want to remain bearish, then it's
going to be A. Okay, so let me just go back to my initial bias, which is like I said, market shift,
okay, price have to come up here, create a new lower high for price to continue going down even further,
creating an iBoss, validating this market shift. So that was my bearish scenario, right? So if that's
the case, then I'm more than happy to actually look for shorts right here. And if I miss the short
position right here, what I can do is to actually wait for price to pull back to the last lower high,
right? I created this iBoss just like this, last lower high, the supply zone, whatever, find my entry
model. And then this is where I can potentially continue shorting it down. That's the bearish
scenario. Okay, so that's how I play the move to the downside, if that actually happens. Now,
what about the move to the upside? So for the move to the upside itself, right? Like I said,
if this is a liquidity sweep, then there needs to be so much liquidity in the market for price to
actually come all the way up here and take out this last lower high, creating a market shift,
and for price to just continue up going just like this. If that's the case, after market shift,
you know that you should wait for price to pull back to a flip zone or extreme zone. And then this
is where I can potentially look for longs and trade the continuation to the upside. That's the bullish
case. Okay, so bullish case, bearish case. Now, what if I'm scalping? What if I'm intraday trading? Is
there anything I can do right now to trade this range that we are in right now? Is there anything we
can do to trade this 4-hour swing range? So this is where you can apply the exact same concepts that
just taught you on the lower timeframe itself. So we have evaluated the structure and we have
identified that this is a 4-hour swing high, a 4-hour swing low. And if I go down to the 1-hour
timeframe and I do the exact same thing, this is where I could potentially mark up my, you know,
all of these like the 1-hour internal break of structure to the downside, another 1-hour internal
break of structure, another 1-hour break of structure. So this is the most recent for our
1-hour break of structure. And then the price went up there, giving me a market shift just like this.
And when this happens, this becomes my 1-hour swing low and this is my 1-hour swing high.
1-hour swing low, 1-hour swing high. So this is where, notice how I just narrowed my focus from
this wide-ass range of 250 pips to now only 100 pips.
This is not magic. This is simply the mechanical process that we teach you guys so that you guys
don't get lost and directionless in the market. As long as you follow this framework, you know,
you map out the structure from the higher timeframe down to the lower timeframe,
everything will be fine. Eventually, you will develop your trade bias.
But it gets confusing when you don't have such a framework.
Next thing you know, you are identified internal structure on the higher timeframe, lower timeframe,
5-minute timeframe, 1-minute timeframe. You know, you're jumping around, trying to figure out
what the market is doing. When that happens, your trading is chaos, your results will be chaotic
as well, right? Your P&L will be chaotic as well. So this is the 1-hour range. And this is where we
just got a market shift. So what this tells us is that on the lower timeframe on the internal structure,
price is potentially shifting bullish right now. And then price is gonna shift bullish in the short term
to facilitate the pullback to either one of the supply zones that we have discussed earlier on,
right? Either zone A, zone B, or zone C, right? So internal structure right now, I shifted bullish.
So today, if I'm an intraday trader, I'm a scalper. This is where I can potentially look to play
this move to the upside. Or even if I'm a swing trader, I can play this move as well.
Right? So this is where I'm looking for longs.
Okay? So on the daily timeframe itself, you know, I've shown you how to approach the market as a swing
trader, right? Like you have to wait for either one of those two scenarios to actually happen
for you to get a proper bias. But if you're an intraday trader, this is where you can trade within
this 4-hour range, right? There's a lot of different places for you to actually play to the move.
Okay? So on the 1-hour timeframe itself, we know that internal structure shifted bullish. And this is where
you can potentially look for longs and target A, B, or C. Okay? So in this example, we got a market
shift right here. So this is where I map out my, this is my 1-hour demand zone right here.
And then this is another demand zone right here. Okay? And maybe there's another demand
zone right here. This is more of like a fractal demand zone. But you know, I'll still mark it up.
Okay? So at this point of time, if you guys know your entry model, you will know that after the
market shift, we are waiting for price to pull back to either a flip zone or extreme demand zone.
So in this case, this is extreme demand zone and this is a flip zone. So if I want to enter for longs
right here, ideally, I want to see price pull back to either my flip zone or my extreme demand zone.
Then this is where I can look for longs to trade it to point of interest C first. Okay? Why point of
interest C? Because like I said earlier, we don't know for sure the price is going to come up to A or B.
Right? But we know for sure that price is going to come up to C because that's just naturally where
price is going to gravitate towards. Okay? Maybe not with 100% certainty, but with like 80% chance that
price is most likely going to come up to C if the internal structure is really, really bullish and
it's going to facilitate the pullback. So today, if I enter for longs right here at the flip zone or the
extreme zone, this is where I'm going to place my take profit all the way up here at point of
interest C. And then my stop loss will obviously be at a price point that invalidated my trade ideal,
which is below the point of interest itself. Right? So just like this. Okay, so far,
does everybody understand what I just explained in the past 35 minutes or so? Just let me know down in
the chat whether you understand any of it. Yes, no, 50% of it, 25% of it. Just let me know because I've
really tried my best to like explain it at like a fifth grade level as much as possible. And I
really wanted to go super duper deep in this live trading session because I know for a fact that a
lot of you guys, this is your first live trading session and you have like no idea what some of
these advanced concepts like liquidity is, right? So I want to take it slow, right? I really go super duper
deep and just overall walk you guys through the thought process on how I actually navigate the different
timeframes. Because the thing is, to me, I fundamentally believe that this is the hardest
part, right? Like the hardest part about trading is not in spotting A plus setups. It's in ignoring
everything else. Okay, the hardest part about trading is not in spotting A plus setups. It's in
ignoring everything else. And the thing is, if you don't have a framework just like this,
that allows you to really like go down to the lower timeframe, really look at all the
nitty gritty details, you will not be able to ignore everything else. Everything else will look
like a trading opportunity to the trader who doesn't know how to actually develop and trade buyers.
Okay, so when you do this process, now you know that, okay, anything outside of this one hour range
is simply a distraction. I'm not going to be thinking about, oh, should I enter for a sell right here?
Well, I can when price actually gets up to that point of interest. But right now, price is right
here. So if price is right here, why would you think about what price is doing here? And similarly,
why would you think about what price is doing here? This is the past. Okay, this is the future.
Okay, you know, just like in life, you don't focus on the past, because if you focus on the past,
you will be paralyzed by regret, paralyzed by fear. If you focus on the future,
you will be paralyzed by anxiety. Right? So you don't focus on the past, you don't focus
on the future, you just focus on what price is doing right now. Because this is where you're able
to really try to understand like, you know, what's going on in price, because this is where it makes
it so easy, so easy for you to actually ignore everything else. Yeah, so past, future, get that out
of your head and just focus on what price is doing right now. Because that's all that actually matters.
So Sunny asks, in this particular scenario, are we looking for the entry model from this one hour
time frame? Or will we mark the zones from this one hour time frame and look at the entry model
of the five minute time frame? So good question. So in this particular case itself, right? So this is
where, once again, it depends on your trading style. For some people, the lower time frame would be the five
minute. For some people, the lower time frame would be the 50 minute time frame itself. So if I'm a
scalper today, this is where my lower time frame will most likely be either the five minute or the
one minute. So after I've marked up my point of interest just like this, this is where perhaps I
will go down to the 50 minute time frame and map out my 50 minute time frame point of interest as well.
And then I will do nothing until price step into my 50 minute point of interest. And then once price
step into my 50 minute point of interest, just like this, like it literally touches the edge of the
point of interest that I've marked up on the 50 minute, this is where I will go down to the five
minute time frame right here. And then this is where I'm looking for my entry model. You know,
I'm looking for the liquidity sweep, the market shift, and I'm waiting for price to pull back to
the flip zone or the demand zone that led to the market shift itself. But spotting the pattern is easy.
The hard part is waiting for the pattern to actually appear. Because a lot of times what happens is that
number one, traders don't wait for price to come down to the 50 minute point of interest.
They start getting impatient, they start entering right here, or they start entering when price is
in the middle of nowhere. Number two, when price did dip into the point of interest,
the traders tend to like either hesitate upon, you know, seeing his entry model, or he just like
don't even know that price is in the point of interest in the first place.
Right? So like I said, it's very easy for you to actually spot your entry model,
once you have defined the location in which you want to actually spot the entry model.
So yeah, that's, like I said, completely up to you, 50 minute or five minute point of interest,
right? It depends on your trading style.
I actually enter at 1.1415 and my TP is at 1.665, 1.1415. Okay, so it's quite down here.
TP is at 1.665, 1.665 is like quite high, it's like at point of interest A. Okay, so basically,
in Amar's case, he pretty much entered for a buy right here, and then he placed in stick profit,
like all the way up here. Now, if you catch this move, this would be a bloody beautiful move, mate.
Like this, gorgeous, right? 1.10 up trade, you'll be a legend if you actually catch a trade just like
this. Is it possible for these to actually play out? 100%, yes, right? 100%, yes.
But I will also tell you why, you know, this trade ideal could not play out as well. Because
earlier on, remember on scenario number one, which is if price actually give us a liquidity sweep,
on the higher time frame, we are expecting price to create a V-shaped reaction, we are expecting price
to go up here. So if you're entering for a long ride here, and you're targeting all the way up here,
this pretty much means that you are expecting scenario one to play out.
You're expecting this the liquidity sweep and scenario one is going to play out.
There's nothing wrong with that. Except, what if price actually starts shifting bearish,
when price meets point of interest C, right? When price come up to point C,
start shifting bearish, comes down, you'll get stopped out.
Because scenario two has just played out, right? Where this is actually a market shift and price has
just shifted bearish. So that is like, what could potentially happen if there is sufficient supply in
the market? So in this case, if I will enter for a buy right here, I prefer to place my stake profit at
the point of interest C, just to be safe, just to manage my expectation. Because like I said,
I know with a high degree of certainty, that price is going to come down, come up to point of interest
C. I don't know if it's going to go up to A and B. It might, if there's sufficient demand. But like I
said, I don't know. But I have much more confidence that it's going to come up to C.
Yeah. So I will manage my expectation and I'll place it at point of interest C. Once again,
up to you, right? Like I said, this is just what my data say to me personally. My data say that
I shouldn't swing for these fences because most of the time, you know, anything can happen in the
next few hours, the next few days and price can just reverse. As a scalper, should I start my analysis
on the daily timeframe that move down to timeframe similar to yours? I feel like the way you analyze
help me determine my TP better. Yeah. I'll say like completely up to you, right? For scalpers,
I recommend you guys to actually use either the four hour or the one hour as a higher timeframe.
You don't have to use the daily, but you have to use either the four hour or the one hour.
And then you can use the 15 minutes as a medium timeframe. And then you can use the five minute
or the one minute as a lower timeframe itself. Follow up question. So to clarify, we are looking at
the medium timeframe, one hour timeframe. Also need to check whether flip zone or institution zone,
then further down to lower timeframe to repeat again, to look for flip zone in the lower timeframe
for execution. Yup. So in this case itself, my rule of thumb is simple. As much as possible,
I want to look for my entry model, right? You know, the liquidity, say the market shift,
price pullback to my flip zone or demand zone that created the market shift. I want to see that pattern.
And for that pattern itself, as much as possible, I must see it on the lower timeframe. So that's
a non-negotiable. Lower timeframe, I must see the entry model itself. But on the medium timeframe itself,
I don't really need to see the same pattern. What I mean by that is that I don't need to see market
shift, price pullback to the point of interest. I don't need to see that because what can happen
is that price can be at this supply zone right here. Once you mitigate a high property point of interest in
which I want to enter the trade from, it doesn't matter whether I get my market shift on the medium
timeframe or not. If I do, good, right? It just tells us that the medium timeframe is potentially
going to reverse. If I don't, it's fine. As long as I see the entry model on my lower timeframe,
they tell me that price is actually going to shift bearish. So it's a non-negotiable that you actually see
on the lower timeframe itself. Okay. Let me summarize this in chronological order. One hour
day, four hour, then 15 minutes for swing trade. And then for intraday trade, one daily to one hour,
then five minutes for entry. So in terms of which timeframes you guys should enter into the market
itself, highly recommend you guys to check out the lesson called multi timeframe blueprint. But this is
where you can get like a cheat sheet on like what timeframe you should be using based on your trading
style. If you're a swing trader, you can use this. Day trader, you can use this. Sculpears,
you can actually use this. This is just like a general rule of thumb for you guys to actually
follow like a high level guide. All right. So yeah, man, I do not expect to spend like 40 minutes just
diving deep into one currency pair itself, right? Because I really want to make sure that I actually
go through more markets, more asset class for you guys. But like I said, I know a lot of you guys here
are completely new to this sort of live trading session. And since a lot of you guys are new,
I wanted to spend this one live trading session going in depth on the thought process, in depth on
the chart analysis, rather than going through everything very, very fast and having you guys
not understand shit. Yeah. So I wanted to go in depth, right? In the next live trading session,
we could go a little bit faster. You know, I could like just scan through all these things on my watch
list, like much faster. But for this one, just going to make an exception, just going to go super in depth.
