Most traders lose because they take random setups thinking that more trades equal more money
but that couldn't be further from the truth. Today I'm gonna show you exactly how I filter out the
noise and focus only on high property trades that actually make me money. Just last month alone I
took only six trades. Out of those I won three, I lost two and I broke even on one. But here's the
key. Those three winning trades they were all high property setups and they alone made me 190k
in the month of February. That's the difference between taking high quality setups versus chasing
random trades. So in this lesson I'll break down exactly how I spot this kind of trades,
what I look for, what I avoid and most importantly how I make sure that I'm only entering in the best
areas. Now listen my guy, if you're still blindly trading basic support and resistance levels
in 2025, you deserve to lose money. Because the market doesn't care about your stupid lines.
You need to focus on trading where smart money operates because that's where the real money is
at. That means you need to understand the real structure behind price movements and understand
exactly why price move the way it does. So when it comes down to identifying high property setups,
you must understand that not all supply and demand zones are created equal. Just because I can
identify a supply zone here, here and here does not necessarily means that I'm going to be trading
every one of these supply zones. Because as you can see on the charts, even though these were valid
supply zones, price just blasts right through it. Because you must understand that these are low
property zones. Which means if you are trying to enter for a sell at the edge of the supply zone,
you have been stopped out over and over again. A lot of traders, they just blindly mark up their
supply and demand zones, support and resistance levels, and they wonder why their zones keep
failing. It's because they are trading at low property zones. With that said, here's the
qualification system that I use to filter out weak point of interest so that I focus only on the most
important ones that actually matter. So the first question you want to ask yourself is whether the
point of interest is in a pro trend or a counter trend, right? Which means you want to ask yourself
whether the point of interest is aligned with the overall higher time frame trend direction.
So in this case, let's say price is going up just like this, right? In this case, we can probably draw
that this is a demand zone and then this will be a supply zone, right? Which zone do you think is
most likely going to work? Obviously, it's going to be the demand zone, right? Because we know that
the buyers are in control of the market and since the buyers are in control of the market,
there's going to be a ton of demand right now and there's going to be a lot of bullish momentum.
So in this case, if you try to enter for a sell at this supply zone right here, it's most likely
not going to work because the higher time frame order flow is bullish and buyers are just in
control of the market. So price is just going to blast right through it. So based on this scenario
right here, we can expect price to pull back to this next demand zone to create a new higher low
to fill up the remaining buy orders within this demand zone and continue heading back up,
right? So this demand zone will most likely work because it is pro trend. And then this supply
zone that we have right here, it's counter trend, right? So in that case, it's not going to work
whatsoever. This supply zone is just going to fail because of the fact that the bullish auto flow is
way too strong, right? The bullish momentum is way too strong right now at the moment. So please,
for the love of God, avoid trying to shot against the clear buying pressure at these supply zones that
we have right here because they are counter trend. If you want to look for a sell position at these
supply zones, you want to wait for extra confirmation to confirm to you that, you know, the structure is
shifting bearish, then that is where you can potentially look for a sell setup. If not, these
are just extremely low property. Now, let me just quickly show you an example on the charts so you can
really understand what I mean. In this case right here, we got a bullish break of structure to the
upside. And we know that after a break of structure, price is going to pull back. So we are expecting
price to actually pull back to this previous demand zone that we have right here, right? So before
this actually happened, right? If we bar replay all the way down here, we are expecting this demand
zone to work because price is still in the bullish auto flow, right? So we are expecting this higher
low to form and we are expecting price to print another higher low and continue this uptrend right
here. That is until price took out this strong low, right? Once price took out this strong low, we know
that there is a market shift, which confirmed to us that the structure has shifted. And that is where
supply could potentially take control of demand. Sellers have overpowered supply, right? So this is
where the trend has shifted from bullish to bearish. And now these demand zones become extremely low
property. So we are expecting supply zones to work in this case right now. So in this scenario, we will be
able to mark up this supply zone right now, right? Because this is the most recent supply zone that led to
the market shift. So we can expect price to mitigate that supply zone, fill up the remaining sell orders
to continue the downtrend, right? As you can see right here. So in this case, this supply zone now
becomes pro trend because the structure has shifted bearish and this supply zone is aligned with the
bearish momentum of the market itself. In that case, what about this demand zone here? Well, it becomes
low property because this demand zone is now trading against the higher timeframe trend direction.
Right? So in this case right here, we can see that right now supplies in control of the market,
we are expecting price to react to all these supply zones right here, right? So all of these supply
zones that we have in place, these are all higher property zones, right? Because it's pro trend,
while these demand zones right here, we are expecting it to fail because they are counter trend
right now at the moment. So that's the first criteria. Just by understanding who is in control of
the market itself, you will be able to avoid a bunch of low property trades, like trying to enter for a
buy right here at these demand zones when the trend direction is clearly bearish.
So the second confluence is, did the point of interest cause other zones to fail?
Here's what I mean. In this case, once again, let's say price goes up like this,
and then we have a demand zone right here. And then right now, price come down and react from this
demand zone. If this demand zone were to do its job, guess what? You fill up the remaining buyer orders
within this demand zone and continue to go up even further and take out this high right here,
right? To continue creating that higher highs, higher low dynamic that we have in a bullish
market structure. Okay. But in this case, what if price actually created a failed reaction? Which
means this demand zone did do its job, right? Demand did step into the market, but there was insufficient
demand to cause price to take out this swing high right here, right? To cause a bullish break of
structure. Instead, price actually came back down here and took out this swing low right here.
This is what we call a failed reaction, which signaled to us that supply has overpowered demand,
right? The sellers have overpowered the buyers because at this price point, there was insufficient
demand in order for price to take out this swing high right here, right? So we know that the seller
has taken control of price right now. Now, you must understand the rationale behind this, right?
This matters because this demand zone failed, which means that all the buyer orders in this zone has
already been absorbed and the market is shifting bearish. And as a result, we are able to identify
another supply zone right here, which becomes our flip zone, right? Because this is the zone
that caused this demand zone to fail. It caused it to flip. Once again, let's look at some real
examples on the chart itself. In this case, we got a demand zone right here, right? Because it led to
this bullish break of structure and right now price is pulling back to this demand zone. So we know that
if this demand zone were to do its job, price would just continue to go up even further and take out
this high right here, right? But let's observe what happens next. Instead of taking down that high,
price actually came down here and took out this swing low that we have right here. When this happens,
once again, we know that supply has overpowered demand and we have our failed reaction right here,
right? So you can identify your flip zone. This right here will be our flip zone. Since this is
a supply zone that caused a major demand zone to fail, guess what? It becomes a high property area to
look for sales because it shows us that sellers had enough strength to wipe out the previous buyers,
increasing the chance for another reaction. So the next time price actually come up and mitigate this
supply flip zone, I want to get involved for a sell position. Like right about there. Boom. Enter for a
sell. Look at this. Price moved to the downside. All because of the fact that this is a very strong
flip zone. It's a zone that caused this other zone to fail. The next criteria is, has the point of interest
swap liquidity. Remember, I mentioned time and time again that smart money doesn't move without
grabbing liquidity first. It needs liquidity in order for it to make that huge breakout to the
upside or downside. So just compare these two zones right here, right? This is an original demand zone.
And then this is a demand zone that swept liquidity, right? From this swing low right here.
Which one do you think is most likely going to work, right? Option A or option B? It's most likely going to be
option B, right? Because this is an institutional zone. So this is where smart money came down here,
swept all the available liquidity right here, stopped all the retail traders out, and then cost
price to move to the upside, right? So we know that this is where they last entered into the market.
And that means there's going to be some buy orders within this zone yet to be filled. So we're
expecting price to pull back to this zone that swept liquidity. And then we are looking to write the
huge move just like this. Once again, you must understand that the markets move in cycles of
accumulation and distribution. If the price approaches a point of interest that haven't
swept liquidity just like this, price is most likely going to blast right through that point
of interest. This point of interest is most likely going to fail because the only available liquidity
is below this swing low right here, right? So price have to grab that liquidity before we can get
the move to the upside. And once again, this is exactly why so many of you guys get stopped out,
right? You guys are just entering at this demand zone, expecting it to work, when in reality,
no liquidity has been swept yet. And then price has come down here, swept more liquidity
before the real move actually happens. Okay. So in this case right here, what do we have? We got a
swing low right here, right? Which means price went up there, pulls back and then goes up.
When this happened, we know that there is available liquidity below this swing low,
because all the retail traders who enter for a buy right here, that is where they're going to be
placing their stop loss below this swing low right here. And since they're going to be placing their
stop loss below this swing low, if they get stopped out, the buy orders become sell orders, which
gives the smart money sufficient liquidity for price to move to the upside. So in that case,
later on, price came down here, right? Swept the available liquidity below this low. When this
happens, you can mark up your liquidity line just like this. And we know that this becomes a sweep
zone, right? This is a demand zone that swept liquidity, right? This is somewhat of like a high
property zone. So we can expect price to pull back to this zone, fill up the remaining buy orders before
another move happens, right? So in this case, what I'll do is I'll wait for price to mitigate that zone.
Once you mitigate that zone, look at what happens. Boom. Huge amount of demand step into the market
and cause price to move to the upside. So in this case, this is obviously a high property zone because
it swept liquidity and then demand step into the market and cause price to push up, right? So in
this case, this zone has been used. It has already been mitigated. So let's try to drop another fresh
zone, right? So in this case, there's another demand zone right here. Now let's see whether this zone
holds or not. Okay. Later price comes down here. Okay. Oh, I'm a retail trader. I'm going to enter for a buy right
here. Hehe. Bryce is going to go up right now. Please, please, please goes up. Please goes up.
Boom. I get stopped out just like this. Why? Because you became the liquidity, my friend. Now, listen,
buddy. It's either you wait for the liquidity sweep or you become the victim of the liquidity sweep. So
in this case, what happened was that this was just an ordinary demand zone, right? Because this demand
zone right here did not swept any sort of liquidity whatsoever. In that case, the only available
liquidity is below the demand zone itself. It's below this new swing low that we have right here,
right? So that is where smart money came down here, swept all this liquidity and then caused price to
move up with this very sharp V-shaped reaction right here, which clearly indicate to us that smart money
have entered into the market. So yeah, remember a real high property trade only happens after some form
of liquidity sweep, not before. The next confluence is related to premium and discount, right? So you want
to ask yourself, is the point of interest well priced? What do I mean by well priced? That means
that ideally, I want the supply zone to be within premium pricing and I want a demand zone to be
within the discount pricing. Okay. So in this case, we got price breaking structure to the downside,
right? So we have identified that this is a swing high and this could potentially be the swing low that
start this pullback. That is where we can mark up our premium and discount too, just like this,
right? Very, very simple. And that is where we are waiting for price to pull back to a supply
zone that is within the premium pricing, which means this supply zone that we have right here,
we are probably expecting it to fail, right? Because right now, this is where prices within
the discount pricing is still cheap, which means that is still going to be a lot of demand right
here. A lot of buyers looking to trade this pullback right here, right? So in that case,
we shouldn't be looking for sell until price goes above the equilibrium level, above the 50% level
and comes up to either one of these supply zones that we have within premium pricing itself. If you don't
believe me, just look at what price does, right? Price come up to this point of interest here,
within the premium pricing and just blast right through it, right? Because over here,
the internal auto flow is still bullish, right? We are still trying to facilitate that pullback
deeper into any of these points of interest to create that new lower high on a swing structure,
right? So in this case, price came up to this next supply zone that is within the premium pricing
itself. And look at what happens next, right? Price continue to the downside and break structure to the
downside because of the fact that this is just a supply zone within premium pricing, right? This
is an area where sellers are looking to get involved. So quick recap, a demand zone in premium pricing,
which is high somewhere on this premium discount range alone is weak, which means you are buying at
expensive levels, right? It just doesn't make sense. And a supply zone in discount pricing is also weak
because you are shorting when price is still cheap. So if price is within a bullish range,
just like this, I want to be entering for buys at a discount pricing, right? In this case,
you can see price came back down here, mitigate this previous demand zone, and then move to the
upside. And then over here, when price is shifting bearish, that is where we want to enter for our
sell at supply zones within the premium pricing itself, right? This pretty much gives us high
property setups. The next thing you want to ask yourself is, is the point of interest part of a
supply and demand chain, right? So here's what I mean. In this case, price goes up,
pulls back, creates a demand zone just like this. In that case, let's say price come down here,
mitigate this demand zone, goes up, breaks structural, creating another demand zone.
And then right now, price came down here, mitigate this demand zone, and then creating this another
demand zone right here, right? So in this case, you can see it's literally part of a chain reaction,
where price is just continuously mitigating the previous demand zone over and over again. So they are
connected to a larger order flow, right? When this actually happens, the next time price pull back to
this point of interest here, I'm expecting it to work, right? Because it's literally part of this
strong demand chain. And then in a bearish scenario, I want to see like a supply chain just like this,
right? Where price is just continuously mitigating the previous supply zone. So we're expecting this
next supply zone to work as well. However, if a point of interest just exists in isolation,
just like this, right? No liquidity whatsoever, then we are most likely expecting that zone to
fail. Price is going to blast right through it, because there is no structural backing going to
set up the available liquidity right here, before we get to move to the downside. So quick little
example here, right? You can see that there was a demand zone right here, and then price has
mitigated this demand zone, fill up the remaining buy orders, and then move up, right? In this case,
we got a break of structure to the upside right there. And then where's the next demand zone,
right? This becomes the new demand zone. And then price come down here once again,
after the break of structure, mitigating this previous demand zone and goes up itself.
Right? So in this case, we can have identified that, you know, it's somewhat part of a chain
reaction. And then you can see there's another demand zone right here. And right now we are moving to
break structure. Okay? So since this is a demand chain, ideally, I'm waiting for price to pull back
to this previous demand zone, and I'm expecting it to work, right? That is where I can potentially
enter for a buy right here at the edge of the zone, and maybe try to target like
3R or something, right? Just to show you how this actually works, right? You just wait very
patiently, price mitigate that zone, and price move to the upside just like this,
all because of the fact that it's part of a simple chain reaction. It's kind of like the
butterfly effect. So like I said, most traders fail because they mark random levels, random supply
and demand zones on the charts itself without understanding what makes a point of interest
actually strong. If you start applying these filters before you enter for a trade, you will avoid a
ton of low quality setups, which means he will only be taking high quality setups with a high chance of
working. With that said, let's go to the charts and apply these filters. Let me show you a real
example of how this works in action. By the way, this is literally a real example on a GJ trade,
which I took two weeks ago, which made me $69,000. Now to be fair, it's like 68.89K or something,
but let's round it up to 69K. And by the way, I caught it out live during our bi-weekly live
trading session inside the 1% Club in front of hundreds of students, which means if you were
there, you could have caught this move too. Now let me break down this entire trade in real time
using the exact filters that I just shared with you. Okay, so in this case, if you look at the higher
timeframe, we saw that price was bearish. It created a bearish break of structure just like this,
and then we move to the downside. And then right now we see that price is potentially pulling back,
right? So how do we know that price started pulling back? It literally broke through that
last internal lower high that we have right here, giving us a market shift, which confirmed to us
that the internal structure is shifting bullish to once again facilitate that pullback on the daily
timeframe, right? So as a day trader, I'm not going to be looking for sell until price pull back to
these supply zones that we have right here. Okay, then that is where I could potentially look for
setup, right? Which means if I'm a day trader, I can still try to trade this trend right here,
right? Trade this bullish structure. And that's exactly what I did. So in this case, since we got
a market shift, we've identified that the one hour structure and a four hour structure is bullish,
right? So ideally, I still want to look for a long position itself, which means I want to identify
demand zones where I can actually enter the trade on. And then I saw price mitigating this supply zone right
here. And that is where some sell all the steps into the market and cause price to start pulling back
on the internal structure, right? So that is where I waited for price to pull back to this demand zone
right here, because remember, we are bullish right now at the moment. So we know that if price shift
bearish right here, it's just to facilitate a pullback into this last demand zone for price to go up even
further. And since this demand zone right here didn't serve any liquidity whatsoever, in this case
right here, this demand zone actually failed most likely because it's not part of a demand chain.
Right? So it's just like a demand zone in isolation, just like this, very lonely zone right here.
So price came down here, swept the liquidity below this low before we move to the upside.
So as a day trader, I'm trying to enter for a buy, right? Which means I can only enter for a buy when
there's a confirmation that tell me that this pullback right here is over. So how do I get the
confirmation? I want to wait for the 15 minute internal structure, right? This bearish structure
right here to shift bullish, right? So that is where I waited for price to take out the last lower
high. This right here was the last lower high. So I waited for price to take that out, right? Which
give me market shift, which confirmed to me there's a shift in structure to the upside. Once price
actually shifted bullish right here after this market shift, that is where I set my alert at the
edge of this zone itself. This is a high probability zone. Let me explain why using these filters that
I just shared with you. First of all, let's try to identify all the point of interest that led to this
market shift itself. We can see that this is our extreme zone, right? This is the extreme zone that led to
the market shift itself. And then there is also another zone right here, right? This is your flip
zone. Now, why is this a flip zone right here? Because it caused this supply zone that we have
on the left-hand side to fail, right? You can see price reacted to this supply zone over here. And if
this supply zone were to do its job, what were to happen is that price will continue to go down even
further and just take out this low right here. But that did not happen. We got a nice little
failed reaction right here, which tell us that demand has overpowered supply. So since this
supply flip zone caused this zone to fail, we can check off this criteria right here. And we have
also established that this point of interest, or rather both of this point of interest, is pro
trend since right now the structure has already shifted bullish. So ideally we want to buy at demand
zones, right? So that's also checked off. The next question you want to ask is, has the point of
interest swept liquidity? In this case right here, we want to look at what happened right here.
Price went up, pushback create a nice little swing low, consolidated a little bit here,
before price come down here and swept all the available liquidity below this swing low right
here before we get the move to the upside, right? So in that case, we also get the liquidity sweep,
clear as day right here, which indicate to us that this is indeed an institutional zone. And if you look
closely, what happens is that price also came down here to mitigate this extreme zone, right? Which means
the moment it has already been mitigated, this extreme zone is no longer working whatsoever.
Since it has already done its job, it filled up the remaining buy orders within this zone,
and we have moved to the upside, right? Which means we can just completely eliminate this zone out of
the picture. Which means there's only one fresh unmitigated high property zone right here, and it's
this one right here. Okay, so in this case, let's cross this out since it's swept liquidity,
and you want to ask yourself, is the point of interest well priced, right? So that is where
I will draw my premium discount to, from the swing low to the swing high just like this, and you can see that
this flip zone, this demand zone, that swept liquidity is within the discount pricing itself,
right? Which means it's cheap, and there's going to be a bunch of demand at this area right here.
So we can go ahead and check off that criteria as well, right? Which brings us to the last
criteria is, is the point of interest part of a demand chain, right? So in this case right here,
it's not really part of any chain whatsoever. But yeah, this is, it's like, it's like a good to have.
If you can have the last criteria, then it'd be perfect. But most importantly, you need to have
as many confluences as possible. In this case, I got four confluences, which back up that this zone is
indeed a high profit zone, that is where I'm going to be taking a trade once price pulling back to this
area right here, right? So I pretty much set that alert at the edge of the zone, and then once price
mitigate the zone, that is where I look for my entry, right? So I waited for price to pull back here,
and then later on, price came down here, swept more liquidity, right? This is where I entered somewhere
right around here. And then I pretty much place my take profit at this 15 minute swing high right here,
because I'm expecting this high to get taken out because we are in that bullish structure, right?
So we are just pretty much expecting price to go up there and take out that swing high right there.
Just like this, we hit our TP. And I place my stop loss like somewhere right around here.
Now, some of you guys might be thinking, why didn't I actually enter for a buy position right here?
Why did I enter for a buy right here instead? And that's a lesson for another day.
So now you know exactly how I filter for high property setups. But spotting a good zone is
only half the battle. Knowing exactly when to enter and exit is what separates professionals from
amateurs. So if you want me to break down exactly how I time my entries and exits correctly so I can
catch high risk to reward trades, I'll drop a putt too. But only if this video hits 10,000 likes.
So if you've got a bunch of value from this video, hit the like button right now. It's been so long
since I said that. And just drop a comment below on what clicked for you today. And as always,
remember, you're just one thread away.
