I wanna share with you some supply and demand tricks
that they don't want you to know.
I'm gonna talk about the different ways
that I trade supply and demand.
And I really believe that these ways
are really gonna help you out a lot,
especially if you are a complete beginner.
So firstly, what is supply and demand?
Supply and demand is basically aggressive buying
and aggressive selling.
So why do we trade supply and demand?
Because you have to understand that
in the markets, in the trading financial markets,
there are big players, the big boys, the big banks,
who have the ability to move the market.
Anytime they are trading,
they are trading millions or billions of dollars.
So they have the power to either push the market up
or push the market down.
So by trading supply and demand,
what supply and demand does is that it helps us,
it tells us that big boys are inside the market right now.
So we have to follow the big boys, right?
If you want to make money.
So we are able to follow the big boys,
follow the smart money by trading supply and demand.
Now, the first way that I love to trade supply and demand
is when the market is reversing.
So I love trading supply and demand when the market is reversing,
because they work insanely well,
especially when the market is reversing.
So basically, whenever you see aggressive buying
and aggressive selling,
you want to be drawing a zone, right?
So that would be your supply or demand zone.
So in this scenario right here,
I see there's a lot of aggressive selling going on right here.
So this was where the aggressive selling started.
So right here, this is our supply zone.
So knowing that this is a supply zone,
I'm going to be looking for sales
when price gets up to this supply zone area right here.
Now, if you do not know how to identify supply and demand,
make sure you go watch my free course
that I did on supply and demand.
It's like a 16 minutes video
where I literally teach you step-by-step
from beginner to the end on how to trade,
how to identify your supply and demand zones.
So back to this scenario, you can see that in this example,
we have identified a supply zone right here.
And at the same time,
price gave us a double top at this area right here.
So easily, you could have entered for a sell
somewhere right around here
when the double top form easily entered for a sell right here
and then shot it all the way down.
But let's say you missed out on this trade,
so you did not get in right here.
Now, the next thing you must do is to wait for price
to go back up to the supply zone.
And then that is when you can potentially look
to sell it down again.
So in this scenario,
let's say that I missed this beautiful move,
so I'm gonna be patient and wait a little bit more.
So I drag my supply zone all the way up here.
And you can see, now, this time,
price literally went up to the supply zone
and it actually broke past it, right?
It actually broke past it.
The moment price break past it,
it does not mean that the supply zone is broken, okay?
It does not mean that.
That is still a chance that price is going to
respect the supply zone,
and this is a fake out and price is going to go back down.
So in this scenario,
that is exactly what we saw right here.
The moment price broke out of this supply zone,
it actually gave us a evening star candlestick pattern.
And for those people who knows what's evening star candlestick pattern,
it's basically a reversal candlestick pattern right here,
that tell us that, you know what?
Price is going to reverse and it's gonna head down now.
So at this point of time,
you could have easily entered for a sell
somewhere right around here,
when the evening star candlestick pattern
formed at the supply zone.
That is why when you guys are trading supply and demand,
you do not want to just trade based on supply and demand.
You do not just want to enter the trade
because price is at the supply zone.
You must wait for further confirmation.
You must get other confluences to confirm to you that,
you know what?
Price is gonna respect the supply and demand zone
and it's gonna head in that particular direction.
So always, always make sure you look for other confirmation,
other confluences when you are trading supply and demand.
So yeah, you can easily enter for a sell right here,
place your stop loss above the supply zone
and then take profit all the way down at the next key level or so.
This is like, you can see this is a very nice, beautiful,
nice shot right here.
If you still don't get it, don't worry.
I'm gonna show you another example.
You can see in this scenario right here,
there's a lot of aggressive buying right here.
There's a lot of beautiful,
up bullish candlesticks being formed in a row, right?
So over here, that tells us that there is a demand zone
somewhere right around this area
because there's a lot of aggressive buying.
So I'll just mark a demand zone
somewhere right around here.
The reason why I mark around this area
is because this is the first candlestick
that formed this beautiful, aggressive buying up move, right?
So I just mark the entire candlestick right here.
So right now, I'm waiting for Price to come back down
to this demand zone
and then show me some sort of signs
that Price is respecting this demand zone
and it's gonna reverse and head back up.
Then that is when I will enter for a buy, okay?
So right now, I'm just gonna be waiting
and I can see right now,
Price has managed to come back down
to retest this demand zone, okay?
Sometimes Price can come to the middle
of this demand zone and just go back up.
Or sometimes Price can even touch this demand zone
and then just go back up like this, all right?
So always make sure you play by here.
And you can see in this case,
Price actually broke past the demand zone.
Remember just now what I said,
just because Price broke past the demand zone,
it does not mean that this demand zone is broken
and Price is gonna continue to go back down.
No, there is the chance that this is a fake out,
this is a little bit of market manipulation
and Price is going to reverse and head back up like this.
So right now, I'm still gonna be patient and wait,
I'm not gonna be doing anything yet.
So right here, you can see Price starts consolidating
around this area here and you can see right here,
this is when Price actually like reverses and head back up
and ended up respecting the demand zone that we have drawn
somewhere right around here.
So easily, you can have entered for a buy
somewhere right around here, stop loss,
place it above this, last swing low,
and then take profit at the next key level,
which could be somewhere right around here.
Like easily, you can see Price end up still respecting
the demand zone and actually end up heading up
and hit our take profit.
Very, very simple guys.
You always wanna make sure you look for other confirmation
besides the supply and demand zones, like I said.
So in this scenario, Price actually gave me like a little
inverted heads and shoulders right here.
Right here, inverted heads and shoulders.
So yeah, this was a very beautiful trade.
You can see Price actually end up going up
and then hit our little supply zone.
There's a supply zone being formed right here.
Because if you look towards the left,
you can see the last time Price was up here,
there was also a lot of aggressive selling.
So somewhere around here,
we are expecting sellers to be present.
So that is aggressive.
So there are basically,
so this is basically a supply zone.
So right now we still wait.
You can see like Price starts like consolidating
and forming a supply zone right here.
You can see.
You can see a supply zone right here.
You can see Price is giving us a what?
A double top.
It's literally the same thing over and over again.
So right now we see a double top at a supply zone.
Remember just now what I said.
That means that there's a high chance
that Price is gonna reverse and head back down.
Because this tell us that
buyers try to push the price up
and then fail to break past,
and we fail to push the price higher.
So it went back down like this.
And then it went back up to try
to push the price up again.
But second time, it failed again.
So now this tell us that, you know what?
The sellers are more powerful.
There are more sellers than buyers inside this market.
And price might collapse.
So at this point of time,
you could have entered for a sell here
and take profit at the next key level or something.
But if you miss out on this move, wait, okay?
You can always wait for price to retest
this little supply zone.
And you can see that is exactly what Price did.
Price actually went back up to retest the supply zone.
So now look at this.
This is actually a heads and shoulders pattern
because this is the left shoulder, head,
and this is the right shoulder.
So heads and shoulders right here
and the supply zone telling us that,
you know what, price is about to collapse.
All right, price is about to collapse.
So easily enter for a sell here.
Top loss above the supply zone.
Profit right here.
You can see easily price actually went down, collapse,
and literally go into oblivion.
All right, literally go into oblivion right here.
So just by using this simple supply and demand
reversal strategy,
you are able to catch a very nice trades,
very nice sniper entries.
They will offer you a high,
high, insanely high risk to reward ratio trades.
Now you can also use supply and demand
for continuation trades.
So just now we look at how we can trade supply and demand
in reversals, right?
When the market is reversing,
which means going in the opposite direction.
But what if price wanna go in the same direction, right?
So right here, we can obviously see
price in a beautiful uptrend.
Because price is creating your higher highs
and higher lows.
So how you can trade continuation in the uptrend
with supply and demand is by looking for demand zones.
So in the uptrend like this,
you wanna be looking for demand zones like this.
Demand zone, demand zone.
Because this will allow you to enter for a buy
when price is creating the higher lows.
And then in a downtrend like this,
downtrend like this,
you wanna be looking for supply zones, right?
So basically, look for demand zones in uptrend
and look for supply zones in downtrend.
So you can see in this scenario right here,
price is making a beautiful uptrend right here.
And I can identify demand zone somewhere right around here.
And then somewhere right around here.
So very, very simple.
Whenever price gets down to the demand zone,
just enter for a buy.
So easily, you can enter for a buy right here,
right here.
There are basically a lot of opportunities
for you to enter for a buy in a continuation like this.
But one thing I wanna point out is that
when price breaks through a particular supply or demand zone,
it usually becomes a resistance or support.
Let me explain further.
So you can see in this example,
there's a little supply zone right here, right?
You can see right here.
The reason why I marked this up as a supply zone
is because there are aggressive selling going on right here.
So there's a supply zone right here.
And look at what price does
when price break through the supply zone.
So you see right here,
price break past the supply zone
and it actually come back down
to retest the same supply zone,
which now acts as your demand zone or your support level.
So in this scenario,
this supply zone has now become your demand zone right here.
And then you can see that whenever price break through
a particular supply zone, right, like this,
it always end up coming back down
to retest that supply zone,
which now acts as your demand zone.
So easily, you can enter for a buy
somewhere right around here.
And then when price break through the supply zone,
you could have waited for price to pull back
to retest this supply zone,
which now acts as your demand zone.
Then you enter for a buy here.
And then enter for a buy here.
When price actually come back down
to retest the supply zone,
which now acts as your demand zone.
So broken supply zone can become demand zones
and broken demand zones can also become your supply zone.
Like in this example right here,
price broke past the demand zone
and it now acts as your supply zone.
Now the final magic trick that I wanna show you for today
for supply and demand is that you wanna make sure
you combine your supply and demand zones
with other key levels.
So when I say other key levels,
it can be things like your Fibonacci,
the key extension levels,
or it can be things like your trend lines,
or it can even be things like your support
and resistance levels.
So these are levels or rather area of interest.
So you can see right now on gold,
price is in the uptrend.
So I could have drawn like a little trend line right here.
So now what you can even do
is that you can look for demand zones, right?
Because remember in the uptrend,
we are looking for demand zones.
So right now we have drawn a trend line
and we can draw maybe a demand zone
somewhere right around here,
and a demand zone somewhere right around here,
and another demand zone somewhere right around here.
And if you notice,
this demand zone,
it literally is at a trend line, okay?
So what you can do is that when price bounce off
the demand zone at a trend line,
and it also bounces off the trend line,
that gives you an additional confluence,
an additional confirmation
that tell you that price is gonna go up.
So once again, easily you could have entered
for a buy somewhere right around here
when price bounces off the trend line,
and it's also at a demand zone.
And then over here, price got pushed all the way up,
and guess what?
You miss this move, it's okay,
wait for price to come back to the trend line.
And you can see eventually,
price come back down to the trend line,
and just so nice,
it's also at a demand zone over here.
So easily enter for another buy somewhere right around here,
and then so on and so forth.
And then you can also combine your Fibonacci
with your supply and demand zones,
like this example right here,
plot of Fibonacci,
and you can see there's a supply zone being formed right here,
and price retraced to the 50 extension level,
the retracement level, I mean.
And you can see the 50 retracement level,
it lines up with the supply zone,
so that can give you an additional confluence
for you to enter for a sell.
The key to becoming a successful trader,
a millionaire trader, is detachment.
Welcome to the unfiltered section,
ladies and gentlemen.
So in this unfiltered section,
I wanna talk about the importance of detachment.
The word detachment, what does it mean?
So the opposite of detachment is what?
Attachment, right?
It means you are attached to a particular object,
or even a particular person,
or in trading, this case is the outcome.
So being attached means that you continuously
obsess over that particular thing.
So let me give you an example.
In last year,
last year I met this girl,
beautiful girl,
big tits,
beautiful everything that I dream of,
and I was so obsessed with her,
that I became attached to her, right?
I was attached to the idea of her.
I was literally thinking about her 24 seven,
and when she don't reply my messages,
I will get anxious.
Oh, is she cheating with me on another guy?
Oh, I will get scared, and all that stuff.
Wait, this did not happen last year.
It actually happened like two or three years ago.
But basically, back to the story,
I was so obsessed with her,
and when I call her and she don't pick up,
I will get like very frantic and anxious,
and I will like literally like school her like,
oh my God, bro.
Like wait, wait, wait, wait.
Basically doing all the soy boy bullshit,
you know what I'm saying?
So because I was so attached to her,
I actually became clingy.
I keep on clinging onto her,
and I keep on wanting to meet her,
and I keep texting her nonstop,
neglecting my purpose as a man.
Now, long story short,
she ended up breaking my heart,
and then I moved on to learn about detachment.
I remember I was like reading this book
called Think Like a Monk,
just to like get over her,
and I learned about this concept called detachment,
and it really like amazes me,
because it literally just changed my perspective
on everything in life.
Like I realized that,
okay, I was attached to her,
and that causes me to lose power over my own feelings.
That causes me to be emotional and not rational,
and cause me to make a lot of stupid mistakes,
and do a lot of stupid things.
Now, you can be attached to a person,
or you can never be attached to a object.
Some people, they are so goddamn obsessed over their car,
that they don't let anyone drive them,
or they don't let anyone else touch their car,
or something like this, right?
Basically, attachment is obsession over something.
So when it comes to trading, how do we apply this?
Think about it.
Let's say you enter for a trade.
Are you able to go to sleep with the trade open?
If you cannot do that, that means you are attached
to the outcome of the trade.
Or let me give you another example.
Let's say that I only have $100 left in my bank account,
and I place that $100, my hard-earned money,
into my trading account, and I place a trade.
So once I place a trade,
I keep on looking at the monitor nonstop,
like I was literally like staring at the charts
nonstop like this,
and I couldn't even go to the toilet at all, bro.
Because I was so scared, like what if I lose the trade?
I was so scared that the trade will not go as planned,
and I end up losing that little $100 I left with.
I was left with, this is like a true story, by the way.
And yeah.
And that itself, ladies and gentlemen, is attachment.
You are attached to the outcome of the trade.
So if you lose the trade, you end up feeling like shit.
And if you win the trade,
you actually end up feeling happy.
The key to becoming a successful trader,
a millionaire trader, is detachment, okay?
Is to be detached from the outcome of the trade.
So whether you win the trade or you lose the trade,
you are neutral.
You are not happy when you win the trade.
You are also not sad when you lose the trade.
That is the key to becoming a successful trader,
is to be robotic and be detached to the outcome of the trade.
Obviously, that's gonna take a lot of practice and a lot of time to develop that detachment.
But from now on, what I want you to try to do, at least try,
is to try to be detached from the trade.
Try to leave the computer.
Don't look at the charts after you place a trade.
Just leave it be.
Let the trade do its thing.
Let it run to either the take profit or the stop loss.
And when you hit the take profit or the stop loss, it doesn't matter, right?
As long as you executed your winning strategy and you follow your trading plan,
it doesn't matter whether you win or lose the trade.
Stop letting the trade control you.
You should be the one controlling the trade.
If you continue being attached to your trades,
you're gonna end up being emotional,
and you're gonna end up doing a lot of stupid emotional mistakes,
like closing the trade way too early,
or using a lot size that is way too big for your account.
Basically, all the stupid-ass mistakes.
So, start practicing detachment.
I don't care what you're gonna do.
Maybe you can try meditate, sit there,
look in the wall, and just reflect and meditate or something.
I don't know what you're gonna do.
But basically, try to adopt this mindset and be detached from the outcome of the trade.
One thing that I like to do is that I will look at myself from a third-person perspective, right?
So, if I'm very emotional or angry about a particular trade or upset,
what I'll do is that I will detach.
So, imagine I'm sitting here right now.
I will literally imagine myself standing beside me,
looking at myself, and just judging myself from a third-person perspective.
Does that make sense?
But basically, that is something that you can try also.
So, this marks the second uncensored trading episode.
So, if you have enjoyed this uncensored trading episode so far,
and you have learned something from it,
make sure you smash on that like button and hit on that subscribe button.
Because we are releasing these uncensored trading episodes every single week.
If you have not watched the first uncensored trading episode,
make sure you go and watch it right now.
Click on this video right now.
And remember, you're just one trade away.
Mwah!
