I disappeared from the world for six months and after the six months ended, my friends all told
me, Brad, you have changed. You have become a whole new person. So it was at the start of 2021
on 8th of March, 2021 to be exact, when I first started my six months internship at this real
estate company. It was like a nine to five desk bound job, which means that I have to go to office
every day, sit in my little cubicle and stare at a computer screen. My job scope was to help
to calculate and compute property tax for big companies in Singapore. And at that point
of time, I was still learning how to trade. So I told myself, you know what, I'm just going
to disappear from the world for six months so that I can focus on working my nine to five
job and also starting how to trade. My goal was to learn everything that is to know about
trading so that after the six months have ended, I can start a live account and trade with my
real money. Now I hated every single thing about that job. I hated looking at a computer
screen and computing data using Excel sheets every day. I hated the fact that all my colleagues
was like old middle-aged women instead of young pretty hot chicks. I hated eating lunch alone
in my tiny little office pot because I had no friends. I hated how low my pay was, like my salary
was $650. I hated travelling 2 hours back and forth from my house to the office. So I told
myself that this would be the first and last time I'm working a 9 to 5 job. I must become
successful at trading so that I can work anywhere in the world without being stuck in a tiny depressing
little cubicle in the future. So during this entire six months, my daily routine was that
I'll wake up at 7am, go to the office and then start working on my property, tax data, computing
all the data on Excel sheets in the morning. And whenever I have free time, like example, during lunch
or during like a tea break, like a short break, right, I'll go and study trading. Sometimes what I
will even do is that I will try to complete all my 9 to 5 job work, right, in the morning so that I can
spend the remainder of the afternoon in my tiny office pot outside to study trading. And I'll
bring like this black physical notebook over here and also my iPad to the office. And then I'll use
my office laptop to watch the trading costs while taking down notes on this black notebook and also
using my iPad to like study the charts. Like this was the exact notebook that I brought to the office.
Like if you open this, right, you can see drawings of like charts over here. This was like still back
when I was learning how to trade. So every day, I'll end work at around 6pm and take the train back
home which will take another one hour. So I will often reach home at 7pm. Now guess what I did
after reaching home? Do I just lay down, watch Netflix, play video games and just chill? Of course
not. I was broke. I was desperate. I had to become rich. So there was no time for all these chill
activities. I continued studying how to trade forex once I reached home. I was reading trading books,
watching online courses, studying online courses, taking down notes and also practicing using my
demo account. I will also like journal all the trades that I've taken so that I can learn from
my mistakes. I was doing everything I can so that I can master trading. No matter how tired I was from
my 9 to 5 job, I make sure that I put in the time to study how to trade day in, day out. So from
around 7pm to 12am, I pretty much just started trading and just practice how to analyze the charts
using price action. I was using my 9 to 5 to pay the bills and 6 to 12 to build my little trading
empire. And during this entire 6 months, I also make sure that I shut out all distractions. Rarely
use social media unless it's for useful purposes. And most of the time, my phone is literally on
airplane mode, which means like no one, literally no one can reach me, not even my colleagues. And
whenever my friends will ask me to hang out, I will always say no thanks because I simply do not
have the time and the energy to do so. And in addition to this, I was also exercising 3 times
a week, usually on the weekends. And I was also reading self-improvement and finance books and just
meditating quite frequently as well. I fell in love with forex trading. It was my full-time girlfriend
friend and I wouldn't have it any other way. I found my purpose. Now that was my whole life for
6 months from March till August. And looking back, I'm so glad that I disappeared for 6 months and
became a ghost because my hard work paid off in the end. Because of those 6 months, my life changed
forever and I now have access to time freedom, location and financial freedom. We are currently living
in the easiest time to become a millionaire. The financial markets alone has made more millionaires
than any other business. If you want to change your life, I suggest putting all your effort into
learning how to trade profitably, which is why I have a challenge for you. If you have not made
at least 1 million dollars from trading disappear for 6 months. No distractions. Fully focus on
mastering how to trade, which is a high income scale that has no cap to the amount of money you can
potentially make. Trust me, these 6 months can change your life forever. Use these 6 months to
optimize your body, your mind and your spirit so that you can become a highly profitable trader.
Now, I want you to put this video on full screen right now and give it your full attention. Trust
me, it will change your life forever if you just have the discipline to focus on it. Now, even when
your lizard brain want you to scroll down to the comments, don't listen to it. Screen your eyes at
this video and just tell yourself to stay focused. How bad do you want it? It is your responsibility to
provide a better life for your kids than the one you had. It's time to raise your standards. Dream
bigger, aim higher. Now, if you want to succeed so badly that you are willing to sacrifice just 6
months of your life, continue watching. And also make sure you watch till the end because I'm gonna
announce a 100k funded account giveaway and you will learn how to participate in it. So during these 6
months, what do you actually need to do? The main goal of these 6 months is so that you can get ahead of
90% of people financially, physically and mentally. And to do that, you need 4 daily wins. Financial win,
working, building, trading, leading. Mental win, reading, writing, creating, learning. Physical win,
walking, running, lifting, swimming, spiritual win, praying, meditating, studying. Become a complete
winner in all areas of life. I have included a habit tracker called the Profits Matrix which will
help you during this entire 6 months. The Profits Matrix is basically a weekly habit tracker that will
help you achieve all your trading goals and reach your fullest potential as a human or as a trader. And
you can get access to the Profits Matrix, link in the description. Firstly, let's talk about
financial win because I'm pretty sure that's what most of you guys are most interested about,
how to get rich. If you don't know where you are going, how will you get there? If you don't
know the path, how will you avoid wrong turns? If you don't know why, how will you get through the
bumps and the setbacks on your journey? You don't need any more motivation, you just need these 3
things. A clear vision for your dream life, a clear why and a clear path on how you will get there.
The first thing I want you to do is to spend at least 1 hour or so to write out your vision for
your future. This will save you from wasting years of stress and frustration and money.
I want you to think about what do you want to achieve from trading? What does your dream ideal
lifestyle looks like? How much money do you want to make every single year? And how many vacations
do you want to have with your family? When you write out a vision plan, you will gain clarity on
where you are going. And the secret to having a strong vision plan is to have a compelling reason
why. Why are you working so hard? Why are you trading? Why do you even started trading in the first
place? My why was that I wanted to retire my father who was 60 years old and still working
his ass off every day. I also wanted to give my future children a life that I never had. That was
my why. Because I had such a strong why, I never once gave up whenever I encountered a setback
throughout my entire trading journey. Even after blowing 10 accounts in my first year, I refused to
gave up. I kept going and eventually I made it. So break down your vision into yearly, monthly, weekly,
and daily goals. Turn these goals into projects so that you have something tangible to work on. With
your vision in mind, start building and learning. Work on your trading daily regardless of whether you
know what you are actually doing. It's always better to start than learn because that's the best way to
learn. And the only way that you can learn is if you start. By now, you should have a big picture of
what you want to accomplish before you die and how close you get to achieving that goal will determine
the quality of your life. If it remains beyond reach, you will become resentful. If you achieve
at least part of it, you will experience a sense of happiness and satisfaction. So progress towards your
goals and take one step closer towards achieving the best version of yourself every single day.
That is my definition of happiness and what I think truly makes us happy. If you don't suffer the pain
of hard work right now, you will suffer the pain of regret later. After you have gained clarity on your
vision and your goals, you need to gain clarity on the path that will get you there. The path that will get
you to your vision. And chances are, if you're watching this, the path that you have chose is
trading. So write down the things that you have to do that will really help you master trading and make
more money from trading. Example, get logged in on mastering how to trade. Learn everything you can
about trading. Practice as much as possible. Record every single trade and reflect. Learn from losses.
When you're so focused on what you are doing, you are directing your energy towards your goals.
And in this way, you will achieve better results. It's easier to set aside other things when you
know exactly what you should focus on. So during these 6 months, focusing on mastering trading and
get extremely good at it. If you want to learn how to master trading, watch this YouTube video that
just released. How to master trading as a beginner. And in this video, I already talked about everything
that is to know about trading. So I'm not going to waste your time and repeat everything again in this
video. And this video is also the previous episode of this roadmap to mastery series. So make sure you
watch that video first before watching this one. Apply whatever you have learned in this video fully.
And I can guarantee you that if you apply the principles correctly, you will become profitable.
Do at least 2 to 4 hours of deep concentrated work every single day. 4 hours of deep work will always
beat 8 hours of unfocused and interrupted work. These deep work sessions will engage your flow state.
The flow state is basically those movements of absolute attention and total absorption where you
get so focused on the task that everything else disappears. It's an optimum state of consciousness
where we feel our best and perform our best. Action and awareness merge. Your sense of self vanishes.
Time passes strangely and performance just soars. Pursuing a goal brings order in awareness because
you must concentrate all your attention in a task at hand and ignore everything else. These periods of
struggling to overcome challenges are what people find to be the most enjoyable times of their lives.
Wake up at 5am where it is the most peaceful because everyone else is still asleep. I like to think of it
this way. The world has a finite amount of energy at the start of the day. If you wake up at 5am,
you will get access to the highest amount of this energy. The rest of the world is sleeping in,
waking up at 7am or 8am. By waking up at 5am, you gain an advantage over the rest of the world. By
outworking everyone else, luck will be on your side. If you snooze, you lose. By snoozing the alarm,
you already suffered the first loss of the day. Your subconscious mind registers this and your whole
day will most likely end up being unprofitable, unproductive because of this. So wake up and
live your life with purpose and meaning. Next, let's talk about mental wind. Your mind is your
number one asset. Education does not end when you graduate from school. That is when the real
education starts. At the age of 17, I was still a dead broke high school student and one day I was
just like scrolling through Instagram casually and I came across this like motivation post.
And it says, all billionaire read books. And to be honest, I just ignored it and just like continue
looking at other chicks and stuff on Instagram. And then the goddamn algorithm keep on showing me
book recommendations after book recommendations. And soon, I got kinda intrigued. So I thought maybe
this is a sign. It's time to start reading so that I can change my life and become rich. So I started
reading self-improvement books and finance books like Rich Dad Poor Dad, The 4-Hour Work Week, The
5am Club, Think Like a Monk. And even though these books didn't make me rich, but it made me rethink
everything that the society and schools have taught me. And because of all these books that I read,
I started to think like successful people. Even though I was still broke, I would do the habits that
successful people do. Which means I'll wake up at 5am, I'll start exercising for one hour and then start
meditating and reading books. Now you must understand that before this, I was never really a book person
because I was always addicted to cheap dopamine like social media and video games. And I still
remember the first trading book that I read was 10 Essentials of Forex Trading. And till today, I still
have that book with me. It's this majestic book right here. And fun fact, I actually got it from a
secondhand bookstore. So the pages was like kind of yellow and not in the best condition when I got it
since it was pre-owned, right? I remember like flipping to the first chapter and I did see like
this previous owner has highlighted the pages. Like, come on, man, how can you highlight the
goddamn page and then give it? But you know what? I just accepted it. Back then, I couldn't really afford
books because I wanted to save money. So after school, I'll go to either the library or the secondhand
bookstore. I was starting to love reading books, but I set a limit to the amount of money that I
will spend on books. I only had like a few hundred dollars in my bank account. So I told myself that
I will only spend less than $20 on a book. You can learn someone's lifetime worth of wisdom
in a few hours. That's the power of a good book. I have this book called Meditations, which is a series
of personal reflections written by Marcus Aurelius, who was a Roman Emperor. Inside the book contain
his private notes to himself and also his ideas on Stoic philosophy. You can literally get inside the
head of a Roman Emperor and learn how a great leader like him thinks. Start reading self-improvement,
finance, business, philosophy, and trading books. Here are just some quick book recommendations.
Trading in the zone, the 10x rule, the subtle art of not giving a fuck, the way of the superior man,
the psychology of money. Make reading a habit. Spend at least 100 minutes every single day
reading and you'll become smarter than 99% of the people around you. In addition to reading,
schedule a minimum of 60 minutes dedicated to mindfully consuming content that will help you out
in your trading. When you do use social media, don't use it for the sake of entertainment or
cheap dopamine. Stop wasting your time by looking at the hot girl shaking her ass on TikTok. Stop
looking at what your friends are doing on the Friday night on Instagram. Stop searching for memes that
will make you laugh for 5 seconds. None of that matters. Focus on yourself. Focus on consuming content
with purpose. Consume content that will help you progress in trading or in life. Buy books,
watch YouTube videos, save podcasts, follow social media accounts of other successful traders. Study
professional traders and learn how they think and how they trade. I become successful when I started
emulating all the successful traders. Study people that you want to be like. Download and buy everything
they have to offer. Download the free resources that they offer. Buy their course so you can learn
how they think. Reverse engineer what allows them to be successful. If you want to learn how I made over
6 figures from trading at the age of 20, go watch all my free YouTube videos. I literally documented my
entire trading journey, my trading strategies and how I think when I'm live trading in all these videos.
And if you want to shortcut your entire trading journey so they can learn everything I know about
trading. Go check out the trading blueprint course. Link in the description. Spend time in solitude and
journal. Write to gain clarity in your mind. Journal and document your whole journey. Journal your
trades so you can learn from your losses. Start writing your thoughts. Replace the destructive habits
that keep you poor with the habits that will break you free. You won't see the results immediately.
Be okay with that. If you do the right thing every single day, day in day out, you will win eventually.
Most rich people neglect the next win which is why they are old, fat and ugly and they also die early.
They don't live long enough to enjoy the fruits of their labor because they don't have a healthy body.
Which brings me to the next win. Physical win. Hit the gym, lift some weights, do some push-ups,
go for a run or a swim. The gym is so much more than getting bigger muscles to improve girls. When you start
working out, every aspect of your life improves. And you don't have to do some crazy crossfit or run
marathons. You just need to get your heart rate up so that you can keep your body healthy and fit.
Your trading account is a reflection of your state of mind. Your state of mind is a reflection of your
physical state. Your physical state is a reflection of your daily habits. A strong body leads to a strong
mind and strong mind leads to more profits. I don't exercise so I can be a bodybuilder or a powerlifter.
I exercise so I can have a clearer mind so I can think and treat better. I exercise so I can have
healthier body and have a stronger mind. I used to go to the gym to train my body but nowadays I go to
the gym to train my mind. I lift the heavy weights so I can do the hard things. To mentally prepare myself
for the tough times that are about to come. To prepare my mind for whatever hardship life will
throw at me. The day where something unfortunate happens to my parents. The day where I lost over
$10,000 on a trade. The day where I lost the ability to do what I love. As you grow older, you will
realize that life is filled with setbacks and tough times with a few moments of bliss. Learn to find peace
in suffering. Get comfortable in being uncomfortable. Daily exercise also helps to build
mental discipline. Especially those days where you don't feel like working out but you do it anyways.
That will give you like a shot of confidence boost and add one point to your mental discipline.
Discipline is not an option but a must in trading. The discipline required to follow your trading plan.
The discipline required to use the correct lot size. The discipline required to wait for the perfect
trading setup. Discipline is the only secret to profitability. Since you're working out so much,
start eating cleaner. Combine the gym and a clean diet together and you'll have the body of a great
god. Stop eating processed food or junk food. Eat your veggies, eat your fruits, eat your meat,
eat your fish. Just because Warren Buffet eat McDonald's everyday doesn't mean you should eat
McDonald's too. Health is wealth. What is the point of having so much money if you die young because
you have always been indulging in all this unhealthy but tasty food. And also make sure you drink 3-4
liters of water every single day. Most people don't consume enough protein throughout the day resulting
in zero muscle growth or in some cases loss of muscle mass. If you are exercising regularly, you should
eat 1-2 grams of protein per kilogram of your body weight. So if you are 50kg, aim to eat 100 grams of
protein for optimum muscle growth. And if you are struggling to hit your protein goal, just supplement
it with protein wheat. Sleep 7-8 hours per night. Not enough sleep will have a negative impact on anything
you do in life, be it trading or your relationships with your family and friends. Less muscle gain, less
focus, less testosterone, less weight loss. Your daily life will be either positively or negatively
influenced by the amount of hours that you sleep. So if you need to wake up at 5am the next day, go to
bed earlier. Maybe at 10pm or even 9pm so you can have at least 7 hours of rest. Finally, let's talk about
spiritual wind. I'm gonna be honest with you and tell you, I don't know jack shit about spirituality
or aligning your chakras. So I was actually considering whether to put this section in or not.
But anyways, here's some of my thoughts. Start meditating. No, you don't have to become a monk
and go to the top of the mountain to meditate. Stress, anxiety and depression are killers of
productivity and killers of profits. The reason why meditation is so important in trading is because
it helps you reduce anxiety and stress and allows you to feel more peaceful and rational rather
than emotional when you are trading. It helps to keep you focused on the present moment so you can
actually focus on what the market is actually showing you. And it also program your mind so that
you can avoid making trades based on harmful emotions like fear and greed. A lot of you think that
meditation is very hard and very complicated when in reality it's actually quite simple because I'm
gonna simplify it for you. I'll actually recommend you to start meditating for at least 10 minutes
every single day. Firstly, position yourself in somewhere where it's quiet and you are all alone.
Next, just close your eyes and start to breathe. When you breathe, concentrate on the air flowing in
and out from your nose. Whenever your mind wanders and start thinking about what you're gonna eat later
or sexual thoughts, bring it back to your breath and just keep doing this. It's really just as simple
as that. Now, social media can be quite toxic because you tend to compare yourself with other
people. Everyone's trading journey is different and if you keep looking at social media, you tend
to compare yourself with other traders who are already more established and more successful than you.
Some of them have been trading for 5 to 10 years while you're still on your first year so of course
they're gonna become more successful than you. They have put in years of hard work while you have
just only started running in this marathon. So don't compare your chapter 1 to someone else chapter 10.
Spend time in nature. In this modern world where everything is just moving so fast, we humans are
spending less and less time in nature. Spending time with mother nature can actually help to relieve
stress and anxiety and also increase your creativity and focus, both of which will benefit your trading.
And most importantly, it teaches us how to live in the present moment. I used to go for walks in the
parks around my house and I would feel the oxygen filling up my lungs, the warm sunlight hitting my face
and my whole body just relaxes. And sometimes I'll just pour on my airpods and listen to a podcast
while going for these walks. Or sometimes I will even record videos of me talking to the camera about my life.
If you go onto YouTube and search The Trading Geek Real Talks, you will see videos of me walking around
in public with my iPhone XR and just telling you stories about my life. At the end of the day, understand that
wealth, power and sex will not bring you happiness. I can buy you a Lamborghini right now and you'll be
happy for one day or even one week. But then after that, the happiness fades and you will end up being
dissatisfied as you were before I gave you the car. So find true happiness and fulfillment in the optimal
experiences that add up to a sense of mastery. Now these six months might seem hard at first. You might
think it's impossible for you to just disappear from the world because you have obligations and you have
commitments towards your friends and your family. Let me tell you a harsh truth. You are not doing
anyone a favor by remaining the same, remaining at where you are right now in life. Trust me, just start
doing this challenge for one week and you will realize that you'll feel more peaceful and more happy than
ever and then let the momentum take over and one week will soon become one month and one month will
become six months and eventually you will emerge out of these six months as a whole new person. A
modern renaissance high value men or women that is respected and admired by others all because you put
in the work and you paid your dues. Now here's how to participate in my upcoming giveaway of $200,000
funded accounts. Firstly, you need to watch all four videos of Roadmap to Mastery series from the
start till the end. The second step is to follow me on all social medias. You can check the link in
the description to all my official social media. Just go follow me on all of that. And the third step is
to tag three friends in my most recent post at the trading gig on Instagram. It's like this giveaway post
talking about this $100,000 funded account giveaway. Go tag three friends on that Instagram post. And like I
said at the end of August, I will randomly pick two lucky winners that will receive the $100,000
funded accounts. And once again, make sure you go download the profits matrix which will help you
track your habits during this entire six months challenge. And I recommend you to document your
entire journey throughout this entire six months by posting videos or photos of you doing this challenge
on your social media like on your Instagram stories or on your Instagram posts and put a hashtag
roadmap to mastery and tag me in it so I can repost it. So the real question is, are you ready to
change your life? Or are you going to regret on your deathbed knowing that you did not live up to
your fullest potential and you could have done more with your life? Would you sacrifice six months
for a lifetime of freedom? The choice is yours. And remember, you're just one trade away.
