Have you ever had a trade that looked perfect but somehow the market moved the opposite way?
Well, it's not bad luck. It's not stop hunting. It's because you still don't understand how the
game is being played at the highest level. Most traders lose not because of their strategy but
because they are entering the right trades at the wrong timing. Markets don't move randomly,
they move in certain cycles. And if you don't understand which phase of the cycle we are in
right now, you're basically flying blind. So in this video, I'll break down the four market cycles
that smart money use to time entries, ride trends and avoid retail traps so you can finally stop
guessing and start aligning your trades with real institutional flow. I'm talking about billions
if not trillions of dollars that is in the market right now. And to be honest, this is something that
I've not seen anyone talk about yet in the trading industry even though it's so important that you
actually understand this. Well, this is part of the study of fundamental analysis. Fundamental
analysis is the study of macroeconomic, political and monetary forces that influence price on a
deeper longer term level. What this means is that we are essentially studying how the economy
of a particular country affect the strength or the value of a currency of that particular country
itself, right? So this is pretty much measuring the economic conditions like interest rates, monetary
policies, inflation, economic growth, all these fancy economic jargon. What they pretty much means
is that if the economy is booming, the strength of the currency is going to go up, right? So if US
economy is thriving right now, everybody have jobs, everybody's spending money, this just means that
the strength and the value of the US dollar is going to go up. And then the opposite is true,
right? If the economy is shrinking and contracting, it's not booming, it's not going crazy,
then the strength of the US dollar is going to go down. And the entity who is in charge of regulating
the economic growth is the central banks, right? These are the FEDs, this is Jerome Powell's army,
right? So they are pretty much in charge of making sure that the economy is thriving and growing,
but inflation is not getting out of hand. An example of inflation is like a loaf of bread now costs
$2 when it used to cost like 10 cents back then, right? So it's pretty much the increase of the
pricing of the goods and services that we are consuming in the economy, right? So we want to
make sure that things don't get way too expensive. But at the same time, we also want to make sure
that there is demand for these goods and services so that people can spend money so that the economy
can actually start to grow and actually expand like a balloon, right? So in that case, central banks,
they are the ones that is going to be making sure that that actually happens, right? Inflation is not
getting out of control, the economy is also growing as a whole, so that the strength, the value of the
currency goes up. And they are able to achieve that objective by influencing interest rates,
right? So if they reduce interest rates, what happens next is that people are able to borrow
money, right? And if people are able to borrow money, they are going to borrow more money and
then they're going to spend more money. And if they spend more money, the economic balloon that I just
described to you just start expanding again. And then guess what? Everybody's spending money,
then eventually it gets out of hand, right? Because the demand for goods and services is just
skyrocketing. Everybody is buying shit that they don't need. And then next thing you know,
the prices of these goods and services start increasing rapidly as well to adjust to this
demand. And then to prevent things from getting too expensive, the feds will step in and increase
interest rates to make it more difficult for people to borrow money so that they can actually reduce the
demand for goods and services and prices of these goods doesn't go too crazy. And all of this pretty
much determine the flow of institutional money. Because in certain environments, institutions,
the smart money, they are going to be pouring their capital, the billions of dollars, trillions of
dollars into different sort of assets that perform the best in the environment that we are in right
now. That's pretty much the gist of it. And retail traders ignore it because of the fact that like,
it's too complicated, it's too fancy, like all these jargons like interest rates, inflation,
monetary policy, like what does all these all mean, right? So as a result, if you don't understand
how the big picture works, they will never succeed. Once again, this is something that smart money
focus heavily on, right? They use the fundamentals to time entries, right? To rotate the investments,
right? So determine like which assets they want to be pouring more money into. And also, this will
give them conviction on their trade ideas, right? So they are pretty much using this fundamental
analysis to position themselves so that they can actually ride the next cycle. Quite simply put,
price action, technical analysis, you know, the reading of the charts tells you what's happening
in the market. How is price moving? But fundamental analysis tells you why price is moving, right?
It's important for you to actually understand why so that you can know what the bigger picture
is and you can align yourself with the smart money institutional flow of capital. And this cycle
right here pretty much drive everything. Like I said, it's all about interest rates. It's all
about printing of money and liquidity to stimulate the economy, right? When inflation gets out of hand,
what happens is that things are getting way too expensive. So the Vets are going to step in to
increase the interest rates to make it more difficult for people to borrow money. And if it's
more difficult for people to borrow money, less people are going to borrow money and they are going
to borrow less money. So as a result, what will happen is that they're going to spend less money since
they have less money in their bank account and they are borrowing less money. So the demand for goods and
services will start going down, which also means that the prices of goods and services is going to start
going down since demand is going down, right? That's just basic economic. And then what happened next is that
when this actually gets too crazy, right? Because they need to make sure that inflation is at a base rate of 2%
every single year, right? So that things don't get way too expensive. But then if they continue to hike interest rates,
eventually everything is going to be getting way too cheap, right? So as a result, what happens is that
they will re-evaluate, review the economic data, right? To see where we are at in terms of the
economic growth and where we are at in terms of inflation. And then this is where they will pause
hiking of interest rates, right? So they would not continue hiking interest rates because they know
that, you know what, people are not spending money. So as a result, we might need to like just hold
our horses and just start to actually stimulate economic spending again. And that brings us to the next phase
where they actually start cutting interest rates. So when the Feds start cutting interest rates, maybe
because there's like a risk of recession right now, since unemployment rate is high, right? People are out of
jobs. And then also people are not spending money because people don't have jobs. And this is where we are
going into the state of, you know, perhaps there's like a recession since the economy is actually
shrinking and contracting and people are not earning money. People are not spending money.
So what happens next is that the Fed will actually cut interest rates. So when they cut interest rates,
they make it more easier for people to borrow money. So as a result, people are going to start
spending money again, right? They're going to buy the cars, they're going to buy houses. And when that
happens, if it doesn't help, if this is not enough to stimulate economic growth again, what happens is
that we might be heading towards like a financial crisis or like an economic slowdown. Like the
2008 financial crisis, like the COVID-19 pandemic breakup. So this is where the Feds will actually
unleash quantitative easing, right? So this is where you see the meme of Jerome Poyal just printing money.
So quantitative easing is basically that, right? It's printing money. It's injecting liquidity into
the economy itself. So what happens is that the central banks that are going to be buying bonds,
and when they buy bonds from investors, guess what? The investors are selling these bonds to
the Feds. And now the investors got so much money that they don't know what to do with.
So as a result, they're going to be spending that money elsewhere, or they're going to be looking for
assets which offer like a higher return on investment, like stocks, crypto, and other sort
of bonds. And then the next thing you know, consumers, they start spending money again, because
it's easy to actually borrow money from the bank. And they have also this large amount of disposable
income that they got from selling bonds, right? So what happens is that they spend money,
they stimulate the economy again, and the whole cycle repeats itself again, over and over again.
And this is pretty much the Feds' role, right? They want to regulate inflation by adjusting the
interest rates, by printing money, injecting liquidity into the economy, while at the same
time ensuring that the economy is growing and thriving. So this cycle pretty much describes
the macro context behind every single trade. Like I said, nothing in the market is random.
It's moving with a purpose. Now next. Now let's break this down into the four phases that traders
can actually use, each with different strategies, psychology, and opportunities. Once again, this is
something that I've not seen anyone else talk about it, but I just don't know why, because like this is
just so important. And maybe like, that is why like these retail traders are losing, right? Because
of the fact that the retail traders are just not looking at the same thing that the smart money is
actually looking at. Mark Douglas once said that consistently profitable traders don't think like
everyone else. If you're thinking like everyone else, if you're trading like the majority, which is
like this bottom 99% of the crowd, you're just going to get that exact same results as they do.
So if they focus on price action patterns and they ignore fundamentals, and they are also losing,
then perhaps you need to think as a contrarian, right? You need to start trading and acting like a
contrarian, which means you need to start understanding the fundamentals, right? Because
this is the edge that institutions and smart money possess, which the retail traders just
don't have, right? So let's go through the four market cycles. So you can see right here, expansion,
stagflation, recession, and recovery. So it's pretty much the same thing like what I mentioned earlier
over here, but now we have attached a phase, economic term to each one of these phases right here.
So phase one is expansion. Now expansion phase is where the economy is blooming, right? Everything
is good, man. Like companies are earning money, the employees, right? Which is us, right? Customers,
people, day-to-day people are earning money because the companies are earning money. So we have a lot of
income to spend. And as a result, we're going to spend and buy more shit, right? We're going to buy cars,
we're going to buy MacBook, we're going to buy Apple products, we're going to buy houses,
we're going to buy shit, right? So the demand for goods and services is going to be going up.
So what happens next is that when the demand for goods and services is going up,
the economy will grow, right? The economy will grow just like this because the economy is
pretty much like a reflection of how much spending there is in the country itself.
And then what happens next is that since demand for goods and services is going up,
the FEDs are going to be increasing the interest rates, right? To make sure that inflation doesn't
get out of hand, to make sure that things are not getting way too expensive. So in this particular
environment itself, what you can do is to long risk on assets, right? Because this is the stage where
investors, traders are greedy. They are feeling this sense of FOMO, right? So they are feeling
this sense of confidence that the economy is just going to continue going up and we are
very, very bullish. So as a result, what will happen next is that money, institutional flow is
going to be flowing towards risk on assets, risk on currencies like Australian dollar,
the New Zealand dollar and the Great Britain pound. And then it's also going to be flowing towards
your growth stocks, your technology stocks like Tesla, Nvidia, Microsoft, Apple, Facebook,
Metal, whatever. And it's also going to be flowing towards crypto, right? Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana,
whatever, right? Once again, because of the fact that investors are feeling bullish,
investors are feeling confident. So they are going to be parking their money into these more risky
assets, knowing that they're just going to continue going up no matter what.
So this is where you want to be using trend following breakout strategies.
You want to write the bullish trend, right? Because everything is going up right now. So you
want to make sure that you are taking advantage of this huge bull run by entering early so you can
write this huge move to the upside. And an example of this phase is the 2021 post-COVID-19 pandemic,
right? So after the COVID-19 pandemic where shit hits the fan, everybody thinks that the world was
going to end. What happened next is that in order for the facts to stimulate the economy again,
they actually, you know, started cutting interest rates, they actually started to inject liquidity
into the market. And then a year later, the economy started expanding again, right? Everybody's bullish
again. So what happened is that the facts have to actually intervene by hiking interest rates to make
sure that inflation doesn't get out of hand again, right? And then next thing you know, we go on to
stage two, all right? Phase two, which is stagflation. Phase two is a tricky one. Phase two is where
we have the worst of both worlds. We have high inflation, which means things are expensive,
right? Demands for goods and services are low, since things are expensive. And we also have high
unemployment rate. That means people are actually out of jobs right now, right? People don't have
money to spend. So imagine this, you're out of job, right? You're unemployed, you're not getting any
salary from your company, and you're sitting on your couch. And then you go to the market and you
realize that a loaf of bread is like $5. And it's like, what? My favorite carbohydrates is $5 and
I'm out of job and I'm broke. So how am I going to buy this loaf of bread? So as a result, I'm not
going to buy it. So I'll just go home hungry, whatever. And next thing you know, everybody start
feeling the same way about things, right? Because things are so expensive, but they are not earning
enough. So you can see there's this like huge discrepancy. So this is where we are in stagflation,
where there's high inflation, where there's weak economic growth because unemployment is high,
and this is where central banks realize what they have done, right? So they stop,
they re-evaluate the situation, and they stop hiking interest rates. They stop increasing the
interest rates because things are already expensive enough. So this is where the economy could be
starting to head into this downturn, right? Economic downturn, where things are just about to like
180 turn, but not yet. So this is where you can look for loans for most risk-off assets like the
Swiss franc, right? Safe haven currencies like the Swiss franc, the Japanese yen, and the US dollar.
And then you can also look to long commodities, which tend to perform well under price pressures,
like gold, oil, so on and so forth. So this is where, because of this state of uncertainty in the
market, the market tends to be quite choppy, right? Just go sideways just like this, right? There's a lot
of confusion in the market. There's a lot of fear, and maybe not fear yet, right? Because people are
still feeling confident. They are just in this state of denial, where, you know, the market has
been in this massive bull run, and the market is starting to show signs of weakening, and the
market is starting to start turning bearish again. But they refuse to accept the fact that they are
wrong, right? They let ego blind their judgment. So as a result, they continue holding the back.
And a good example of this is 2022, right? Where we have this huge economic bull run, but then
inflation is high, right? But things are getting way too expensive. Which brings us to the next
phase. So phase two is pretty much the leading indicator. It's the first sign that tells us that
the economy is about to go into a recession. And then phase three is the recession, all right?
The recession is where FEDs begin to cut interest rates, okay? Because of the fact that, like I said,
things are expensive. People are not spending money. So in order to incentivize people to spend money,
they have to cut interest rates so that people can actually borrow more money. And when they borrow
more money, they will be able to start spending money again, and the economy can go back to normal.
So this is where they cut interest rates and institutional flow is powering towards risk
of assets, like I mentioned earlier, right? Like the Swiss franc, USDJPY, gold, and even bonds this
time around, right? The US treasury bonds, the two-year bonds, the 10-year bonds, the 30-year bonds.
And this is where you can play defense instead of offense. So this is where you can start using
defensive swing strategies or short-term momentum plays. Because the market is going to be starting
to go into this free fall where everything is just collapsing. Stocks is going to be collapsing,
crypto is going to be collapsing, and then risk-on-assets like GBP is going to be collapsing.
What you can do in this particular case is to short these currencies, short these risk-on-assets,
and try to write this short-term bearish movement to the downside. And the psychology of the market
in this case is fear, right? A lot of people think that, oh my god, the world is going to end,
everything is going to go to shit, you know, like, oh, we are in this crisis, we are never going to get
out of this, right? So this is fear, right? This is what the market is feeling right now. This is
their sentiment. And this is where everybody is going to be panicking selling, right? People are
going to be selling off their crypto, people are going to be selling their stocks thinking that,
like I said, everybody is going to go to shit, everything is going to go to shit, right? So
they are extremely pessimistic in this particular case. So the example of this is the 2008 financial
crisis. Another example was the 2023 banking crisis, the COVID-19 pandemic, right? Whenever there's like
a huge black swan event, right? Where something is going wrong in the economy, something is going
on in the world, right? Where we have like a war amongst different countries, where we have
like a financial crisis, where we have like a dot, where we have like a bubble. And then all of these
events will pretty much trigger like a recession, and which will bring us in this particular phase
right here. And then the last phase is the recovery phase, okay? So this is where I can see the
the gross domestic product, right? The economic growth is low, right? It's down right now. So as
a result, the Fed is going to be cutting interest rates, and they are also going to start printing
money, right? And release this process called quantitative easing, where they are injecting
liquidity into the economy by buying bonds from investors, okay? So this is where a lot of investors,
they will be buying the dip, or rather this is the best time to actually buy the dip. And this is where
you can also start to look for loans for assets like Australian dollar, NZD, GBP, right? Pretty much like
what we have earlier on over here, technology stocks, Bitcoin, because right now, we are able
to really buy the bottom, buy the dip, right? And actually write the next move to the upside,
just like this, okay? So this is where you can use reversal trading strategies, and you can look for
breakouts with macro tailwinds, right? You want to really look to long this risk on assets, because
we know for a fact that this stuff are mostly going to return to all-time high, or at least just go up
over the next few months or so, since the economy is getting stimulated again. So the psychology,
the sentiment of the market is hopeful, right? They are feeling like, okay, you know what? Maybe
this isn't so bad after all, right? The world is not going to end, right? It's just temporary.
So this is where we return back to a bull run. And people get disbelief, maybe people who are left
holding the bag, and they shot at the bottom. Now they're thinking, wait, what? This was just like a
scam, right? And then people who are getting in early, they start celebrating their wins, okay?
And then the example of this is the 2009, after the 2008 financial crisis, where the economy gets
back to normal. And also the 2020, after the COVID-19 pandemic, where the economy once again gets
back to normal, and even the late 2023. Now I'll give you like a more recent example, right? So when
Trump actually announced like the thing about the tariff, what happens to the stock market crash
massively. And then next thing you know, the stock market recovered over the next few months,
right? And it's really like this phase right here, where investors, they start feeling hopeful,
they start feeling like, you know what? Things are not so bad after all, and they start gaining
confidence over the economy again, right? So they start pouring money into the risk on assets again.
So that's pretty much the four phases. That's pretty much the four market cycles. You can see I've
included like a little check you have right here. You can just take this down in your notes. The reason
why this actually matters is because most losing traders, they treat every market the same. They're
using the same strategy in every single environment. Like they use the same setups in 2022 as they did
in 2020. And then they get burned and they wonder why? Well, because you are not adapting, you're not
actually adjusting to what the market is doing right now. So understanding where we are in this
particular cycle here, it helps you choose the right assets to trade. Avoid going long during a
recession, right? Or short during quantitative easing. And this is also where you are able to
find out when to risk big, right? When to stay out of the market, when money is flowing to risk on
assets and when money is flowing to risk off assets. And this is where you can also catch reverses before
the hurt or ride trends while they are strong. Now, remember this, your setups are only as strong as
your directional bias. This means that whatever your entries are on the charts, it will only work
if it's in alignment with the macros, if it's in alignment with the macroeconomic factors,
especially if you are swing trading, especially if you are intraday trading.
This still affects scalpers, right? Regardless, because short term moves are often related to
actually macroeconomic factors. But I'm just saying that this will affect the position traders,
right? People who are holding the trade for months, if not weeks, and even the swing traders as well.
And when you can combine technical precision with macro alignment, your edge multiplies.
Like I said, this is something that retail traders are not aware of, right? So if you can
really understand this, and you can synthesize this information, and you can actually apply this,
then my friend, you're going to be a very rich man. So the question becomes, which phase are we in
right now? So at the time of recording this, we are in August 2025. Okay, so we are actually in
this phase right here. We are transitioning from phase three, which is the recession phase,
to the early phase four, which is the recovery phase. So we are somewhere right around here,
if we are looking at it in terms of this curve right here. Now, the reason is very simple, okay?
Inflation is falling globally, especially in the United States, but not yet at target. And growth is
also softening, right? Because we are seeing weaker retail sales, which prove to us that there is
lesser demand for goods and services. And we are also seeing rising unemployment claims, which means
that people are actually out of jobs. And Fed has also hiking of interest rates. And they even talk
about, you know, cutting interest rates in Q4, right, over the next few months or so. So like
I said, we are potentially heading into this phase right here, but we are not in this phase yet. And
this is where you can see equities have also buzzed massively, right? But right now, the breath is
still weak. And then risk on sentiment is creeping in, but fragile, right? You can see money is pouring
into S&P 500, money is pouring into crypto, everything is like quite bullish right now. But then there is
still this stage of like uncertainty, not knowing where the economy is going to go, right? The
investors are not particularly euphoric or greedy or extremely confident right now. They're just in
this state of limbo, right? Where they are confident, but not super confident. So here's what's working
right now. You want to make sure that you long risk on currencies, right? So I'm talking about
Australian dollar, the New Zealand dollar, and also like the Great Britain pound. And you also want to
be long in crypto, right? Like Bitcoin, Ethereum, right? Because once again, investors are confident,
which means that they are more likely to take on more risky assets, more volatile assets like
crypto. And then you can also look for longs for technology stocks. And also, this is where,
like I said earlier, we are not heading into this yet, right? Which is why there is still some
defensive flows. So make sure you do not over leverage whatsoever. And you want to watch for
quantitative easing, stimulus, or rate cuts to confirm full phase four, which might happen in Q4,
right? Q4 phase four? Is it a coincidence? I don't know, but it might happen, right? But like I said,
it might happen, it might not happen. We will adjust a debt based on what the facts is feeding
us, right? What new information is coming towards us. So if it does, then just know that, okay,
we are heading towards this phase. And this is where you know that these are the stuff that you
want to be doing, right? So yeah, you can see just by understanding which cycle you are in right now,
which phase you are in right now, you are pretty much able to anticipate trends. And you're able to
know when smart money is going to be flowing their money, investing their money into the assets that you
are trading. So you can expect when those assets are going to be going up. That's why we understand
market cycles. So if you want to go deeper into this, we've got an entire course module called
Fundamentals Mastery inside the 1% Club, which I literally just released to my students a few days
ago because we released like one new course every single month. You can see is this one right here.
And this is where you can see all the lessons that we actually have available for fundamental
analysis, right? And the reason why we actually do this is because we want our traders to be full
able to think like smart money and not just follow setups blindly or follow signals like bloody idiots
like the sheep heading to the slaughterhouse. And the thing is, most trading causes out there,
they skip this completely. All they teach is technicals, chart patterns, candlestick patterns,
which is the information that is available online, right? And they just neglect fundamentals,
which is what institutions are actually focused on. And the thing is, we focus on technicals as well.
We heavily focus on technicals. We want to make sure that you actually understand how to analyze the
charts. But we also focus on the other areas that will actually make you profitable,
like risk management, like trading psychology, and now fundamental analysis as well. We teach you
how to read macro shift early, how central banks actually move markets, how to align your strategy
with regime changes, and how to use news as fuel, not fuel. That means how to trade the news,
how to actually take advantage of market manipulation doing high impact news,
how to actually write the institutional flow properly when the market takes into account
the updated information from the FEDs from the central banks. So if you're serious about mastering
all sides of trading, right, developing multiple mental models, technicals, psychology, fundamentals,
risk management, mindset, join the 1% cloud, because that's what it takes to be consistently
profitable, right? That's what it takes to become a professional trader who truly understands
the game at the deepest level. By mastering market mechanics, which is how to interpret price action,
and how institutions are actually trapping retail traders. By understanding capital management,
which is how to actually make sure that you're not risking too much money on each trade so that
you can focus on capital preservation, and you can grow your account, and how to actually have the
proper, the mechanical systems and processes so you can execute without hesitation, reservation,
of fear with confidence, clarity, and conviction. And also, yeah, fundamentals and trading psychology
on how to actually master the mental game, how to actually defeat the inner demons, the subconscious
forces that is preventing you from actually becoming profitable. Like I said, we give you every single
thing. We give you three cultures, we give you over 500 plus lessons so that you got everything you need
to become successful. All right, so I want you to be honest right now. Do you know about these four
macro cycles before watching this video? Because I got a feeling that you don't, right? Because this
is something that I don't think there's like a video out there which explains this in the trading
niche. So I just wanted to make this, right? Because like I said, I'm all about giving, bro. I'm
going to tell you whatever I've learned throughout my entire trading career. That's the point of this
channel. So comment, hashtag new this, if you have studied this before, if you have chanced upon this.
And I also want you to comment, mind blown, hashtag mind blown, if this has opened your eyes,
if you haven't actually learned about this before, right? So just go and comment, leave a comment.
I'll be checking every single comment. And I always love to see you guys engaging in these videos
because it shows me that you're actually listening to me, yep, for like one hour. All right, so with
that said, I hope you guys have enjoyed this video. And if you want to learn more about trading,
you can check out this free 10 hour course that I just created right here. And as always,
remember, you're just one trade away.
