I'm going to review everything about the smart money trading strategy that made me over six
figures in the past one year. This simple three-step system has allowed my students
to generate consistent profits in the market and I'm going to give it to you for free because
I'm the GOATS. If you want to master this profitable strategy, you must be willing to
watch this lesson from the start till the end without skipping around. Now to keep things
super simple. We are only going to be using two timeframes. The higher timeframe will be our
four hour timeframe and the lower timeframe will be our 15 minute timeframe. So the first step is to
build your higher timeframe narrative. What we are trying to do here is to really come up with a story
on what price is actually doing right now so that we can identify our trade buyers. So the first
question you want to ask yourself is, is price bullish or bearish? So we know that price will
not just go up or down in a straight line. If price wants to go up, it will go up, pull back a
little bit and then goes up even higher, pulls back a little bit and then goes up even higher.
That's just how the market work, right? Nothing will ever go up and down straight. I know this
might sound super basic, but people need to be reminded more than they need to be thought,
right? So in an uptrend, we know that price is going to be creating higher highs and higher lows
like what we have on the screen right here. So when price break through the last high,
it creates what we call a break of structure to the upside, right? So this is our bullish break
of structure. So if we were to map this up, we see that price is creating, like I said, higher highs,
higher lows, leaving us a bullish break of structure. But we know that price will not go
up forever. At some point of time, some sellers will come into the market and overwhelm the buyers.
And that is when price will come down there and break past the last higher low. When this happens,
this is our market shift. And then this market shift pretty much just tell us that price is
reversing from an uptrend to a downtrend. And right now we are about to turn bearish. And if price is
starting bearish, price will be creating your lower highs and lower lows, like what we can see on the
screen right here, right? You can see lower highs, lower lows. Once again, it's creating bearish break
of structure to the downside. And then eventually price will turn back bullish again when demand step into
the market and overwhelm the sellers. And that is when we will get another market shift where price
break past the last lower high, creating a new higher high. And now we are officially bullish.
So this is just how the price move, right? This is just how the market works. That's the first thing
you must understand, right? Is to really identify whether price is bullish or bearish right now,
because we want to trade with the trend. If price is bullish, ideally, we want to buy at all
higher lows. And if price is bearish, we want to sell at these lower highs. I know you're probably
sick of hearing me repeat this like a thousand times by now, but you must make sure you master
the basics. Because if you don't, you are essentially building a house on sand. And if some natural
disaster come, it'll just come and wipe out the entire house, right? So we need to have a solid
foundation. The second question you want to ask yourself is, is price in the continuation phase or
a pullback phase? Because after a break of structure, we know that price is going to start
pulling back. And we need to have that at the back of our mind. And a lot of people don't. And a lot
of retail traders don't. They assume that after price break through the last high, price is just
going to continue going up like this in a straight line. And they start entering for a buy here, buy
here, buy here, just for price to start pulling back. And then they are wondering why the market is
going against them, so on and so forth. After a break of structure, instead of entering for a buy
immediately, remember, we want to wait for price to pull back. And then we will enter for a buy
right here. Because if you enter for a buy right here, guess what? Your stop loss must be below
this last higher low. And your risk is essentially much higher compared to if you're entering right
here and you have your stop loss below this last low. So that's the first step. You identify whether
price is bullish or bearish so that you know exactly which side of the market you should be trading with.
And then you identify whether price is in the continuation phase or the pullback phase.
If price is in the continuation phase, I will advise you to wait for price to start pulling back
and start to create that new structure, then you enter for a buy. Because ideally, you want to
trade with the trend after the pullback is over. So for the second step, we are still on the 4-hour
timeframe. And this is when you want to map out your supply and demand zones. In the last video,
we have already taught you how to actually map out your supply and demand zones. And I'm not going to
go through the entire thing again. But basically, you want to identify demand zones in a bullish market
and you want to identify supply zones in a bearish market. Because these are the zones that are aligned
with our higher timeframe trend and we want to be able to trade with the trend, right? So using this
example right here, what we have was that price was going up and then it hit onto some unmitigated
supply zone that we have on the left-hand side. And that is when supply step into the market and that
cost price to start turning bearish to facilitate the pullback, right? So once price starts pulling
back, eventually, it goes up there and break past the last high, giving us a break of structure to
the upside. And now we know that we are in the continuation phase. Remember, when price is in
the continuation phase, yes, you can enter for a buy here and here. But I will advise you to trade
after the pullback is over so that you can get the optimum entry point. Eventually, price will start
pulling back again. Once again, why is it pulling back? Because it hits some sort of supply zone that
we have on the left-hand side and supply step into the market and cause price to start turning
bearish. Now, once the pullback start happening, you will start to see price creating lower highs
and lower lows on the lower timeframes. At this point of time, you must be aware of the higher
timeframe trend and know that we are just turning bearish for a short amount of time to facilitate the
pullback on the higher timeframe trend. So you cannot assume that price is reversing into
bearish right now because price has not took out this last higher low. That means we are still
pulling within this swing range right here. This is a swing high, this is a swing low and price is
just turning bearish to facilitate the pullback. So in this case, since we are in a bullish market
where price is creating higher highs and higher lows, we want to trade from demand zones, right?
So based on this, we are able to identify two demand zones. This is the first demand zone that was
being created after price broke structure. And then this is the second demand zone, right? Which was
created after price broke the internal structure right here on the lower timeframe itself. So now our
job as professional trader is to simply wait for price to come back down to either one of these demand
zones and then wait for our entry model to present itself. And then that is when we execute our trade
without hesitation, reservation or fear. So now this is where I will advise you to set the alert at the
edge of the zone that you want to trade from. And right now you might be asking me, Brad, so which
zone is price gonna respect and starts going up? Let me tell you the honest truth. I am not a fortune
teller. I don't have a freaking crystal ball. I don't know which zone price is gonna respect. And the
thing is, you don't need to know in order to make money. You just need to wait for price to come down to
either of these demand zones. And then you wait for your entry model to present itself. And then that
is when you enter for the trade. So step three is where you execute your trade after price has entered
into your demand zone. So at this point of time, before we get too ahead of ourselves, you must be
wondering, okay, are we allowed to trade right here where price has turned bearish to facilitate the
pullback? Yes, you can, right? So if you are looking to trade the counter trend, which means you are
trading against the higher timeframe trend, you are trying to capitalize on this short-term pullback
that we have right here. Yes, you can enter for a sell here at all these lower highs right here.
But bear in mind, you have to manage your expectation. Because the minute price enter into
any one of these demand zones right here, we know that at any point of time right now, price is gonna
switch bullish and it's gonna cause price to continue to go up. So the best way to trade counter trend,
or rather the best time to do it is to actually enter for a sell at the start of the counter trend
itself. But the minute price enter into either one of these demand zones, I will advise you to stop
trading counter trend and look for your pro trend setups, right? Look for your entry model. So if you
look at this, there is a gray line right here on the screen and there's a black line, right? The black
line basically represent the 4-hour timeframe and the gray line basically represent the 15-minute
timeframe, which shows us what price is doing on the lower timeframe. And as you can see, like I said
earlier, price turned bearish, right? It created lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low on the
internal structure, on the lower timeframe structure in order to facilitate the pullback of the higher
timeframe trend. And like I said, we want to wait for this pullback to be over, demand stand to the
market, overwhelm the sellers, the supply that we have right here. That is when we know that right now,
the internal structure, the lower timeframe structure has shifted from bearish to bullish
and the lower timeframe trend is aligned with our higher timeframe trend. And this is when we are able
to capitalize on those high probability trade setups. So in this case, right, what happened was that price
came down into this recent demand zone, but it failed, right? So this demand zone failed to do its
job, right? If demand wanted to step into the market, what could potentially happen is that price
would just continue going up like this and just continue with the higher timeframe bullish order
flow. But that did not happen. This demand zone failed and in the end, price went down even further
and came down to our extreme demand zone. Now, bear in mind, this extreme demand zone right here,
this is the last line of defense. Because if you look towards the left-hand side, this is the last
swing higher low, right? This is the previous swing higher low, which means this point has to hold
in order for price to remain bullish, in order for the higher timeframe structure to remain bullish.
Because what happens is that if price break through this last higher low, what we have is a market
shift, which tells us that price is reversing from this uptrend to a downtrend right now. And I know my
drawing is extremely ugly, but just bear with me a little bit because it will all make sense very, very
soon. So knowing that this is the last line of defense, we can be a little bit more aggressive with our
entry. So the minute price actually mitigates your 4-hour extreme demand zone, you want to drop down
to your lower timeframe to actually look for your entry model. Now, you might be wondering, what does
the entry model looks like? Don't worry, I'm going to give you the secret sauce right now. So this is
what the entry model actually looks like. So we know that price has turned bearish to facilitate the
pullback. And at some point of time, we want to see signs that this bearish trend is over. And right
now, price has shifted bullish. And that is when we want to look for our market shift, right? So bear in
mind, this is what price is doing on the 15-minute timeframe, right? So you want to see price goes up
there and break past the last lower high, creating a market shift, which signaled to us that right now, the
order flow has transitioned from bearish to bullish. And right now, we are about to go to the moon. So that is the
first criteria that must be fulfilled before you actually enter for a buy. The second criteria is you want to
wait for some form of liquidity to be swept. You must understand that smart money, they need to sweep
liquidity before they can cause price to start going up heavily. Now, if you don't understand
liquidity, here's a quick crash course. We know that above every swing high, there is available
liquidity and below every swing low that is available liquidity. Why? Because when a retail trader
enter for a buy right here, that is when they will place their stop loss below this last low,
right? So that is just available liquidity being built up. That is when smart money, sometimes they
will push price down there purposely and manipulate price to sweep the available liquidity that we have
below these lows before causing price to reverse and hit back up. And the thing about liquidity sweep
is that it usually comes in a form of a sharp V-shaped reaction like this, right? You want to see price
aggressively going up and aggressively coming back in. So what happened right here is that when price
started reversing right here, right? This is when it will induce the retail traders to actually enter
for a buy position, thinking that price is going to reverse right now. And that is when we'll place
the stop loss below this low right here. And that is when smart money come down there, sweep the
available liquidity, stop them out, stop these newbies out, and then cause price to reverse and
head back up. And that is when the real move is starting to happen. And that is what we have a
liquidity sweep. So after you get your liquidity sweep, after you get your market shift, that is
when you want to be waiting very patiently for price to come back down to the demand zone that
actually created this market shift. And that is when you enter for your buy position. This is where
you get your optimum entry point, ladies and gents. So you can either enter for a manual buy order or you
can set the entry limit order on the edge of the zone itself. And then you need to make sure that you
replace your stop loss below the zone itself. Now looking at this entry model, you might find that
it looks very familiar. Why is that? Because what we saw on the higher timeframe is essentially the
same thing. This same exact entry model can be used on any timeframe, be it the 15 minutes, the 4 hour,
the daily or the weekly, whatever, because price is fractal. Whatever happens on the higher timeframe
must first happen on the lower timeframe. Whatever happens on the higher timeframe must first happen on the
lower timeframes. And the same pattern tends to repeat themselves over and over again.
What's up, bro? So while editing this video, I realized that I made a little mistake in the drawing
itself, right? So basically, I know you guys are probably confused. Why is this circus? And I'm
pointing to this thing. Basically, just know that you are looking for this entry model on the 15 minute
timeframe over here, right? So that isn't supposed to be this little circus right here, right? The point of
this is just to show you that, okay, that is a liquidity sweep. That's the second criteria. The
first criteria is a market shift. Just wait for a price to pull back to the demand zone that created
this market shift and you enter for a buy right there. As simple as that. Now what this diagram
is for, is for those traders who want to analyze their charts on a 4 hour timeframe, which means all
of these will be on 4 hour timeframe. And then once price mitigates the 4 hour point of interest,
you will jump down to the 15 minute timeframe over here, the minute in mitigated. And then that is when
you look for this on the 15 minute timeframe, right? But let's just keep this strategy super
simple and just stick to what I mentioned, which is basically look for your market shift and your
liquidity sweep on the 15 minute timeframe. And then wait for a price to pull back to the demand
zone that created this market shift and you enter for a buy right there. As simple as that. No need
to overcomplicate things here, right? Yeah. So this is more of a multi-timeframe analysis, but nah,
let's just put that aside for now. All right. Now that you have understood what I'm basically
trying to convey, let's get back to watching the video. So now that you have understood our entry
model, you will know that after price has mitigated our 4 hour demand zone, that is when we want to
look for our entry model right here. But let's say for some reason you miss out on this entry model,
right? This entry opportunity right here. What do you do next? You keep calm and collected and you wait
for the next trading opportunity, right? The next trading opportunity will come after price goes up
there and create the market shift once again, breaking past the internal lower high. And that
is when you wait for price to pull back to the demand zone that created the market shift. And this is
when the minute price come back down here to this demand zone. That is when you go down to the lower
timeframe once again to look for the same exact entry model. That is why I say price is fractal because
the same thing just keep happening over and over again. And ladies and gents, this is where you are able
to get the high from the trade setups. Because now we know that the lower timeframe is bullish,
the higher timeframe is bullish, and we got the multiple timeframe alignment. And that tells us that
right now we are about to go to the moon. And right now we are about to print, print some good
ass money. So what's next after you enter for the trade? After you enter for the trade, this is when
you want to manage your trade. And I'm going to show you the exact step-by-step process on how we
actually manage our trade. First of all, you'll be placing your stop-loss behind the supply and
demand zone that you actually entered the trade on. And then for a take profit, I will advise you
to either take profit at plus 3R, which means the minute price reach 1 is to 3, like this,
1 is to 3, you get out of the trade. Or you can take profit at the nearest opposing supply and demand
zone. So in this case, if you're entering at a demand zone, right, we're entering for a buy at this
demand zone, we want to take profit at the nearest supply zone. And if you're entering for a sell at
a supply zone, you want to take profit at the nearest demand zone, right? So this is when you
can potentially place your take profit at this nearest supply zone that we have on the left-hand
side that cost price to come down here. And yeah, that is another way we can take profit, right? So
either take profit at the plus 3R or the nearest supply and demand zone. And I will advise you to go
and find out what works best for you. Remember, data is king. You need to already gather data to
see which take profit method works the best for you and then stick to it consistently. Once you
place your stop loss, once you place your take profit, set and forget. Don't micromanage it
whatsoever. Don't adjust your stop loss. Don't adjust your take profit. Trust your analysis. Because
the minute you start adjusting your take profit, making it wider or adjusting your stop loss, making
it further, that is when you will start to incur large losses and small wins over the long run.
And that's not what we want because we want to be consistently profitable, which means we want to
make a lot of money and lose a little bit of money. Now that you have understood our three-step process,
let's go on to the charts and apply everything that we have learned so far to see how we can apply
this entire strategy in real time. Okay, before that, let me drink some tea.
Ah, now how can you have a trading gig video without some tea? It's like Batman without Robin,
or it's like having some fries without ketchup or chili. It just doesn't make sense. It doesn't
exist. Your boy needs his tea, all right? All right, so cool. Let's get on to the charts. So over here,
we got a bullish break of structure to the upside because price created a higher high, higher low,
and then this is potentially a new high. We're going to identify that this is the high until
price starts pulling back. All right, so that is when you can start seeing price starts pulling
back. Okay, cool. That is when we got a new high right here. Now, remember, after a break of
structure, we are anticipating price to start pulling back. And right now, we are still on the
four-hour time frame. We haven't dropped down to the 15-minute time frame to look for our entry yet
because price has not gotten into our zone. Actually, no, we haven't even marked up the zone
yet, right? So we are still on the four-hour time frame observing what price is doing. Step one,
building the higher time frame narrative, right? So at this point of time, we know that we are
officially in a pullback phase and price is in a bullish uptrend. So we want to actually enter for
a buy at a demand zone. But which demand zone are we trading from? That is when you want to
start marking up your demand zones, right? So what led to this break of structure?
There was this demand zone right here, right? This entire giant consolidation and then demand
step to the market and cost price to skyrocket, right? So we know that this is one of our demand
zone, right? So in this case, this is the range method where we are marking up the entire consolidation
or you can mark it up or rather just refine it to this pivot candle that we have right here,
right? So that is your first demand zone. The second demand zone that we have is potentially
this one right here, right? So once again, what do we have right here? Right? So the consolidating
around here and then demand step to the market and push price up, right? So you can actually mark
the first one right here, but you can see price is just completely disregarded. So it doesn't make
sense for you to actually mark the first one since price has already disrespected it, right? So that is
when you mark up this recent demand zone, right? This is when we got a consolidation, demand step to the
market and boom, demand push price up. And then we also got our extreme demand zone, which is this
one right here. What happened was that price came crashing down, right? And then it started reversing
and start heading back up right there. So this is our extreme demand zone. So now we got three demand
zone in place right here. And we know that right now we are playing within this swing range, right?
This is our swing low. And then this is our swing high. So step one is done. The step two is also
pretty much done because we have already mark up our demand zones. And we know that in a bullish
uptrend, we want to trade from demand zone. And the next thing you can potentially do is to set alerts
at the edge of these zones right here. So for those newbies who don't know how to actually set alerts
on TradingView, you're a dumbass, no offense. You just need to go to here, press the alert and then
press this plus button and it allows you to create alert. And that is when you just want to input the price
point that you want the notification to be triggered on. And then once price get to that
particular price point, TradingView will send you an alert in the form of either SMS or email
that tell you, hey bro, right now price is at this price point. You can go up there and analyze the
charts. That's what an alert does. And then the next step is to just do nothing and wait. And this is
when so many traders mess up. They start taking a bunch of trades. They start forcing trades even
though there is no opportunity because they are not patient enough to wait for the trade to come
to them, right? So at this point of time, let's just wait for price to mitigate either one of this
demand zone before we determine the next cost of action. Boom! That is when price came into this
nearest demand zone, all right? So at this point of time, like I said, this is where you want to drop
down to the 15-minute time frame to look for your entry model. And if we don't get our entry model
whatsoever, that means price is potentially just going to disrespect this demand zone and come down
to the next demand zone, right? And then that is when we just continue waiting until eventually we
get our entry model. We get the market shift that tell us that the internal structure, the lower
time frame structure have shifted bullish. This is when you can potentially drop down to your 15-minute
time frame, the lower time frame, and let's just observe to see whether our entry model present itself,
right? Let's see whether this demand zone actually hold. Okay, cool. Nope, nope. You can see it
completely just blew right past it. So we know that this is not the demand zone that we want to trade
from, so we can just delete it. Cool. Let's go back up to the 4-hour time frame and continue waiting.
Like I said, patience is the name of the game. This is what separates professionals from retail
amateur traders. You guys just like to rush things because you want to get rich ASAP. No, just be
patient, all right? So you can just wait. Price has blown right past this point of interest as well,
but this is when we start getting some form of market shift. You can see this is where demand
step into the market and overwhelm the sellers, right? Just by looking at the kinestics, we know
that a lot of demand have stepped into the market. Cool. Let's just jump down to the 15-minute time
frame since price has already mitigated this demand zone, right? So let's just go down there and this is
when we want to look for the market shift. Remember, we want to see our entry model present itself,
right? So over here, this is when we know that, okay, we got our entry model right here. Okay, so over
here, price has already mitigated this demand zone, right? And that is when we are looking for our market
shift. Now, how do we know the market shift has happened? We just continue to map out the internal
structure, the lower time frame structure. We know that this is the internal break of structure to
the downside, right? You can see price has just been creating a bearish break of structure to the
downside. And since then, this is the last bearish break of structure, right? So since this is the
last bearish break of structure, we can identify that the highest point is basically this area right
here. So this is the last swing high, right? So this is the last high and the minute price actually
broke past the last high, that is when we got our market shift. Remember, for a break of structure
to be valid, the candlestick must close below the last low, right? So that is why in this case,
right here, when price came down here, break past this last low, it did not close below it,
right? It's just a candlestick weak break, so it does not count as a valid break of structure.
So later on, price actually did close below the last low. So this is the last valid break of
structure. And once again, to determine your last high, you just draw a box, right? From the last
low to the point where it break past the last low, and then you just drag it all the way up there,
and you determine the highest point, which is this one right here. So this is actually your last
lower high. And since price has just broken past the last lower high, that is when we got our market
shift. That is the first criteria, right? So the first criteria has been met, we got our market
shift. The second criteria is that we want to look for some form of liquidity to be swept. And once
again, you want to ask yourself, and once again, you want to ask yourself, where is the available
liquidity? And remember, I said that below every swing low, there is going to be available liquidity,
right? So based on this, we know that over here, where price came down into this demand zone,
and started reversing, this is when most retail traders, they will start entering for a buy position,
because they see price stepping to the demand zone, they enter for a buy, and happy-go-lucky,
thinking that price is going to go up right now. And then they place their stop loss below this last
low, right? So there is available liquidity below this low right here. And we know better than that.
We know that potentially, price is going to come down there and sweep the available liquidity
before it started reversing. And that is when later on, price actually did came down here,
right? Reverse. And then game down here again, swept all the available liquidity below this lows
right here, trigger out all the retail traders' stop loss. And that is when price reversed and hit
back up. You can see, this is a very sharp V-shaped movement. Now, after this liquidity sweep,
after this V-shaped reaction, what does this tell us? This tells us that the smart money,
they have entered into the market. Now, as retail traders, we want to trade with the smart money,
we want to follow their footprints. So this was the second criteria, was that liquidity sweep.
So now that we got our liquidity sweep and we got our market shift, the next step is to wait for price
to come back to the demand zone that actually created this market shift. So that is when you
want to identify the demand zone that created this market shift, and it will be this consolidation
right here. You can see, this is where price consolidate here a little bit before demand step
to the market and push price up. So this is when we know that, okay, cool, this is the demand
zone that created the market shift. And that is when you can place your entry order, your buy limit
order at the edge of the zone itself, place your stop loss below the zone. As for your take profit,
like I said, you can either put it at 1 into 3R, which is somewhere right around here, 1 into 3R,
or you can place it at the opposing zone, which in this case is a supply zone, right? So in this case,
I will actually mark this up as the nearest supply zone. So this is our nearest 15-minute supply zone
right there, right? So like I said, either place it at 1 into 3R or place it at the nearest supply
zone, right? And now we just wait for price to come back down here to the demand zone and trigger
us into the trade itself, right? So you can see price consolidating, do its thing, you're still being
patient, you know, you are trusting in your plan, and boom, that is when you get into the trade
right there. So right now, your buy order has been triggered, you have placed your stop loss
below this last demand zone, what next? Set and forget. You have placed your stop loss,
you have placed your take profit, you have done your research, you have done your analysis,
you have waited a few hours for this entry model to present itself, now just wait for the trade to
play out, right? Once again, you can see this is what makes trading so hard, it's the waiting,
the fact that you cannot do anything, and the fact that the market is an irrational,
uncontrollable, unpredictable beast, and there's nothing you can do about it. So place your stop
loss, place your take profit, set and forget. Let's see how this trade play out. Boom, there we go.
As simple as that, ladies and gents. Now we have hit our take profit, we can go pop a nice champagne
or so, and call it a day, and then reset and look for the next trading opportunity. Now once again,
why is this considered as a high property setup? Because the lower time frame right now has turned
bullish since we've gotten this market shift, and the lower time frame is aligned with our higher
time frame trend, which is bullish. So if you want, you can even be more ambitious to target this
for our swing high. But I wouldn't recommend you to do this unless you have a lot of experience,
because what can potentially happen is that price can start to turn bullish and just goes up like
this and reach this supply zone right here, and then it starts coming down and just continue to
consolidate around here. That is when I don't want you to be stuck in this little consolidation for
weeks, right? I just want you to get in and get out of the market fast, but not too fast. And yeah,
that's basically how you utilize this three-step simple system. So now let's say for some reason,
you actually didn't manage to get your entry here. What's the next window of opportunity? The next window
of opportunity is once again to wait for price to pull back, because right now we know that right
now price has turned bullish, right? And we know that this is our new higher high, and this is our
new higher low. And right now price has just created another bullish break of structure to the upside.
And after a break of structure, we know that price is going to start pulling back. And where is it
going to pull back to? It's going to pull back to some sort of demand zone, right? So in this case,
this is the entire demand zone that led to this break of structure, right? So that is when
you can place another buy order right here at this new demand zone, and then simply wait for price to
come back down, mitigate this area right here. And that is when you enter for a buy. It's the same
thing. Like I said earlier, price is fractal. If you look at this, we literally did the same thing
on the four hour timeframe, right? So just wait for price to come back down to this demand zone that
created this break of structure, and then for you to get triggered into the trade. So in this case,
just wait, wait, boom, that is when you get triggered into the trade right here at the edge
of the zone once again, and you place your take profit either at plus three R, right? Like what
we've done right here, plus three R, or at the nearest supply zone, which will be this supply zone
right there. And then just wait for price to play out. And there you have it. As simple as that,
guys, I'm literally not kidding when I say that this is how you really capture those high property
setups, right? Because what happens is really the lower timeframe right now is bullish,
the higher timeframe is bullish, and that is when we are able to capture these nice,
nice, nice setups. So if you still don't get it, I will advise you to rewatch this lesson
over and over again until the concepts get embedded into your subconscious mind. And then that is when
you are again one step closer to mastery. So in the next lesson, I'm going to show you the exact
blueprint that's allowed my students to become six figures funded trader. They are able to pass 100k
funding challenges with ease using this exact strategy, right? Which I'm going to review in
the next lesson. So if you don't want to miss out on the next lesson, make sure you scroll down right
now and turn on post notification by pressing the freaking bell below. And I sound like a stupid
YouTuber right now, but yes, you need to do that in order to get notified when the next lesson drops.
And if you still don't understand supply and demand, please go and watch this lesson right here.
And as always, remember you are just one trade away.
