I have a vision on this YouTube channel and that is to help every single trader who desires
succeed. Not those traders who want to half-ass this but the traders who want to go all-in and
wants it bad enough. I will help you succeed and that is why I'm making these videos one video at
a time to do my best, do everything I can to help you guys out so you can help yourself out by
actually watching these videos from the start to the end. So that is the vision for my YouTube
channel and that is why right now we are just going to be showing you what works so that you
can do more of what works and I'm also going to show you the mistakes that I committed for the past
four years of my trading journey so that you don't commit those mistakes yourself so that you can
become profitable much faster than I did. And a lot of you guys have been asking me like why have I
been just trading market mechanics rather than price action like I used to. The thing about the markets
is that the markets are ever changing. The market is always evolving. This means that I found out what
actually works in the markets right based on these four years of experience. I found out what actually
works based on backtesting, front testing and countless of data after live trading. And I decided
to you know compile everything that works into a trade plan and just do more of what works. And what
doesn't work is things like your retail trading concepts like your support and resistance, you know
your double top, double bottom, all of these support, these stupid price action trading concepts that I used
to teach on this channel, they used to work, right? Maybe they used to work and maybe they work sometimes
but they don't have like a high win rate. And like I said, my vision on this channel is to help you guys
increase your win rate and help you guys become profitable. So I'm only going to be raw with you guys.
I'm only going to be honest with you guys and share with you guys what actually works on the charts.
And this is it. So now I'm going to share with you guys how I personally trade in 2024, right? This is
basically how I use market mechanics to analyze my charts now, right? So just going to go through the
watch list that we have right here. So based on my bias on EURUSD, right now price has just turned
bearish, right? So if you zoom out on a higher time frame, you will see that price has been in a
bearish downtrend, right? Lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high, low high. And this is the new
lower high right here before price collapse all the way down here. So over here, I marked up my
higher time frame supply zone right there, right? And then within this supply zone, there is two
minor zones that can also marked up, right? Which is this order block that we have right here, right?
Where there's a lot of imbalance right here. And this candle, this would be the order block. So this is
the most recent order block. And then I got my extreme point of interest, which is this area right
here. Why did I mark up this area right here? Because if you look towards the left, price push up and then
come down and then push up again and sweep the available liquidity that was being built up above
this high right there. So now when this happens, when there's a liquidity sweep like this, this zone
that we have right here is a sweep zone. This is a zone where price has swept liquidity. So this is
going to be a very strong supply zone that institutions, smart money have used this level to actually
enter for a bulk amount of sell orders. So this is basically where institutions have entered into the
market in the past. And right now I'm expecting, God damn it, so hard to pronounce that, smart money,
let's just call it smart money, to actually enter into the market again at this price point that we
have right here. So the next time price actually come up here, I can expect some sort of supply at
this area right there. And then after price created this imbalance and goes down, it just broke
structure, right? It broke structure, it creating a bearish break of structure as it broke through the
last low that we have right here. And right now price has come down to our higher time frame demand
zone, which you have at this area right here. If you look at this, this is a very strong demand
zone on the weekly time frame, right? If you go out to the weekly time frame, you can see
the last time price was down here, it pushed up. Price come down, push up. So lots of demand waiting
at this area right here. So we can expect price to actually mitigate this area. That is why when price
comes down, you know, creating that bearish order flow, it eventually starts to go away at this
demand zone right here. Because at this demand zone, demand step into the market and push price
up. And right now, we can expect price to turn bullish to facilitate the pullback of the overall
trend, the higher time frame trend. Remember, at this point of time, the higher time frame trend is
still bearish, the order flow is still bearish, right? So ideally, you still want to enter for a
sell if you are trying to trade with the trend. But right now, price is just going to turn bullish
for a short amount of time to facilitate the pullback of the higher time frame structure,
the higher time frame trend, right? And that is basically what we are anticipating price to do.
So we go down to the 4-hour time frame, you can mark up all the minor structure being created right
here, the price step into the demand zone, right? Creating an inducement right here, inducing all
the retail traders to enter for their buy positions right there. Because they think that, oh my god,
price has just mitigated this demand zone, price is going to go up right now. So I enter for a buy
right there, place their stop loss below these lows, and bam, smart money, wipe them out and
make use of this liquidity that we have below these lows and create a V-shaped reaction right
here. You can see there's a liquidity sweep right here, right? So strong liquidity sweep right here
and then it led to a market shift where price actually broke through the last lower high,
creating a shift of structure that pretty much confirmed to us that price is about to turn bullish
right now to facilitate the pullback, right? So that is when we get a market shift. And then where does
price goes to? The flip zone that we have right here. If you look at this area right here,
zoom in a little bit at this area, over here, price goes up there and create that new lower
high, right? When it does that, you can actually mark up your supply zone that we have right here,
right? Supply zone right here. And then price goes up there, reacted to the supply zone, supply step
into the market and actually created a failed reaction right here. Because if this supply zone were
to do its job, price will just continue going lower and lower. But in that case, price created a failed
reaction come up here, right? Come back to this extreme zone that we have right here, demand step
into the market and push price up. When that happens, you got your flip zone being formed,
right? This zone right here that we have, right? Where price actually flipped from supply to demand,
this will be the flip zone. And right now, the next time price actually come back down to the flip
zone, you can actually enter for a buy position. So after the market shift happened, you're expecting
price to pull back, right? And that is when price comes down here, pull back into the flip zone,
and that is when you can easily enter for a buy here, right? And then once again, price creating
a higher highs, higher lows, higher highs and higher lows. And as price creates the higher high
and higher low, you must be very careful in terms of marking up your market structure because there
are some lows that is invalid. Like look at what we have right here. After price actually break
structure, right? Come up here, create a new higher low and push up. It broke this last high right
there. And then right now, it goes up even further, creating a higher high, you know, higher low right
here, right? And you can see this low is being formed right here, right? Once again, all the retail
traders, they're going to be buying at all these lows right here. They think that, oh my god, price
is creating a higher low. I should just buy here, buy here and place my stop loss below these lows,
right? But in that case, once again, it's just liquidity being built up below these lows that we have
right now. And that is when, you know, price comes down here, sweep the available liquidity that we have
below all these lows, right? You got the liquidity sweep right there. So there is your liquidity sweep
and then create a new low, right? And this would be your new low that we have right here. And this is what
I call a protected low, right? This protected low is basically a low that have swept the available
liquidity. And right now, we know for a fact that if price were to come down to this area right here,
it's most likely going to respect this area right here because this low is being protected, right?
And that is when price push up. You can see price come down, tap into the protected low and go up again.
Now, when this area is formed, this is also your sweep zone because this zone has swept the available
liquidity that we have over here. Then this is your protected low, so this would be the new swing low.
Bad in mind, this is the new swing low, not this one right here, but this one right here. So if you enter
for a buy like somewhere right around here or here, right, your stop loss should not be over here
below these lows. It should be below this new protected low right here because this is the most
valid swing low. And then same thing, price goes up there, break structure, break through the last high
and create a new higher high before it starts pulling back. Now, the moment it starts pulling
back, once again, guess what? It's inducing all the retail traders to, you know, to enter for a buy
below these lows right there. And that is when price comes down, serve all the available liquidity
that we have below these lows, right? Same thing that we have right here and then go up.
This is why I say that if you guys just focus on the textbook market structure,
you know, the price action concepts that you see online or basically all the retail trading concepts,
you will not become profitable because a lot of time, you know, you'll get stopped out like this
just to see the trade go in your way. So you really need to make sure that you understand liquidity
as well, right? And then that is when you got another liquidity sweep, right? Same stuff right here,
liquidity sweep below these lows over here. And then creating a new protected low
that I marked up right here. And once again, this is your sweep zone, right? This is your sweep zone
that we have right here. So the next time price actually come down to this area right here,
we can expect demand to actually step into the market to push price up, right? Because this zone
is protecting this protected low that we have right there. And then price eventually goes up,
creating a higher high, higher low, same stuff. And then eventually it reaches our zone that we
have drawn at the start. Remember at the start, I talked about how that is a higher time frame
supply zone right here. And then there's your extreme zone, which is your sweep zone. And then
your nearer zone right here, which is your order block. Now, how do we know which one price is going
to react to, right? Most likely, if you are in doubt, just always take the extreme zone. Just always
assume that price is going to go to the extreme zone. But that also means that you'll miss some
trade opportunities because sometimes price can tap into this near zone and then just go. But, you know,
to increase your win rate, to really maximize your win rate, right? If you still don't understand
liquidity whatsoever, then take the extreme zone, right? Take the extreme zone. And you can see
eventually price goes all the way up there, right? It mitigates this order block that we have right
here, just completely bypass it. Yes, there was some sort of supply that stepped into the market,
right? Once again, if you go down a smaller time frame, you can see when price comes to this
order block that we have, this near zone, there's actually a pullback, right? Supply actually stepped
into the market for a bit. When this happens, right? This actually induce all the sellers to
enter early. So once again, if they see price actually react to this order block that we have
right here, they will enter for a sell right there. And guess what? They're going to be placing stop
loss above these highs. Once again, that is just liquidity being built up above these highs right
now, right? This is just inducing all the sellers to enter for the trade early. And then price eventually
gets all the way up to the extreme zone that we have right there. And it also swept the available
liquidity that we have above these highs right here, right? So you can see it swept the liquidity
above these highs, boom, supply step into the market and push the price down, right? Then we got
the strong liquidity sweep where price not just swept the available liquidity above these highs,
but it also swept the liquidity that we have from the sellers who actually entered into the trade
way too early, right? So right now we got a liquidity sweep. The next thing we are looking for is
that shift of structure, that market shift to tell us that, you know what? This pullback is done,
right? This pullback is over. And right now, the higher timeframe order flow, the higher timeframe
bearish trend is about to take over and continue the downtrend. Now, in that case, you're waiting
for the market shift to confirm to you that that's the case, right? And you'll most likely only get
that after price break through the low, the swing low. Right, what am I doing right here? God damn it.
Zoom in a little bit, right? So based on this, you can mark up your swing low,
right there, right? There was a swing low. This is when price actually goes up, comes down and then
push up again, right? So in this case, right? Oops, what just happened? In this case, a more valid
swing low is potentially not this one right here, right? Oh my God, this is trading view. What are you
doing to me, man? What are you doing to me? Anyways, over here, right? Remember when price actually
mitigate this supply zone, it actually created a swing low right here, right? So this would be the
more valid swing low that we have right here, right? This would be a fractal market shift that
happened based on like the 15 minute time frame, right? If you go to 15 minute time frame, you can
see right here. The reason why I marked up this market shift is because there was a higher low
being formed right here, right? There was a higher low being formed right here and there could
potentially be a market shift if price break through this low that we have right here and
eventually does that. And when price come down to this area right here, there was also your demand
zone being formed, right? This demand zone at this higher low right here where price goes up,
pull back and then goes up even further. So there was a demand zone right here and price reacted to
the demand zone. And once again, what does it create? It creates that flip zone, right? It creates
that failed reaction where price actually reacted to this demand zone, hit up and at this point of time,
it hits up. Like I said, if this demand zone were to do its job, price will continue going up even
higher, right? But it created a failed reaction right there, right? Once the failed reaction is
being created, now what are we doing? We are waiting for price to come up to this flip zone
that we have right here, right? So this is your demand to supply flip zone, okay? Demand to supply
flip zone. And then next thing you know, you're waiting for the market shift to happen, price to
break through this low and eventually it does that. And right now, you're just waiting for price to come
up to the flip zone that we have, right? But a good general rule of thumb to increase your win
rate once again is that if the flip zone have not swept liquidity, I want to enter on the extreme
zone, right? So once again, go up to the higher time frame. This would be your flip zone, right?
This is the flip zone. But you can see in this area, this flip zone did not swept any available
liquidity, right? It just goes down here, create a flip zone and then go. It did not swept any
available liquidity. If it were to sweep liquidity like this, like goes up there, creating a flip
zone like this, creating a high like this, and then there's liquidity being built up above these
highs, right? Then it swept the liquidity above those highs and then go. This would be your flip
plus sweep zone. And that is the one that I'm going to be paying more attention to, right? Because that
tends to be the one that price is going to respect. And when that happens, if there's just a flip zone
like this, I know that there's going to be liquidity being built up above all these highs.
So I'm going to be very careful, right? So after price created the market shift and comes up to the flip
zone, I'm not going to be entering for the trade yet, right? Because I know once again,
liquidity being built up above all these highs that we have right here. Once again, inducements
right here. And that is when price swept the available liquidity above all those highs.
And then liquidity sweep, that V-shaped reaction. Right now, we have a confirmation that price is
about to go down and collapse, right? So you can see when that happens, guess what? You can draw your
flip zone once again, which will be this zone right here that swept the available liquidity above
those highs. So if you miss your entry right here, right? You miss your entry right here.
Then the next point of entry would have been when price actually come up to this flip zone that is
being created right now, which will be right here. Price goes down, pulls back up to this flip zone,
and bam, you can easily get in for a very nice trade right here. Right? And then price goes down
even further, you know, creating a bigger structure, creating a lower high, lower low, lower high. And
right now, price has just created a new low. And right now, yes, pull back to this point of interest
that I've marked up right here. So based on this, this is my entire analysis for like the past,
basically the past month or so for EURUSD. And right now, the date right now is 25th May 2024.
And this is where price is at right now. So my analysis on what's going to happen next is that
based on this, right, once again, you are building the higher timeframe narrative, right? You're building
a story. Right now, the higher timeframe, I mean, the lower timeframe is aligned with the higher
timeframe order flow. Lower timeframe is bearish, higher timeframe is bearish as well. That's
very good for us. Because this is when you can look for your selling opportunities. And this is
when you get the most highest probability trade setups, right? So at this point of time, zoom down
to a smaller timeframe. And I can see after price broke structure right here, broke through this low,
it started to pull back, right? It started to pull back once again, and it did a very deep,
steep pullback like this. Just steep pullback like this. You can see, it's probably like a trend line,
right? Price goes up, creating higher, higher, higher, lower, higher, higher, higher, like this.
When this happens, retail traders, they're going to be placing the trend line like this, right?
And when that happens, guess what? They're going to be entering for a buy here when price
falls off the trend line, there, so on and so forth. And there's going to be liquidity being
built up below these lows, below these lows, below these lows, below these lows. So what I'm
expecting to happen next is that price is going to mitigate some sort of supply zone that we have
right here, and then come down, wipe out all of this liquidity right here, utilize all this
liquidity right here to create another strong down move. That is basically how I will personally
trade. So at this point of time, you can see price has came up to our sweep zone that we have right
here, right? This is when price swept the available liquidity above these highs, and also above these
highs right there, right? Swept liquidity sweep. So this is a sweep zone, and this is also an order
block where there's a lot of imbalance right here for sellers. And right now, price has managed to
reach that area. So at this point of time, once again, I'm looking for my entry model. I want to see
that market shift happen, right? To show us that this pullback is done, and right now, price is going to go
down. And I also want to see the strong mitigation at this supply zone, which we've got right here,
right? Strong mitigation right there. Also swept the available liquidity above the inducements being
formed right now. And then right now, price is potentially coming up to some sort of flip zone,
right? And at this point of time, I will be looking for my entry either at this flip zone right here,
or this extreme zone that we have right here. And I'll most likely target this swing low that we have
being formed right here. Right? This will be my target. And you can see this will be a 1 to 10
risk to reward ratio if we get an extreme zone. But if not, if we enter at the flip zone right here,
most likely it will be like a 1 to 9, which is not so shabby as well. Right? So that is basically
how I trade in 2024. Now let's go make some tea so I can get on with the uncut section. Welcome to
the uncut section. And in this uncut section, I want to talk about life. Some life lessons that I've
learned. But before I do that, a lot of you guys have been asking me what kind of tea that I drink.
And the last uncut trading episode, I show you guys that I'm just drinking normal $8 tea bags from
Fairprice or Walmart in US. And then I made a change. I made a change to that because I thought
to myself, I drink tea bags when I was poor, when I was broke, when I had less than $50 in my bank
account. And right now, why the hell should I drink tea bags? So I decided to upgrade the quality of my
tea. And that is when I bought this TWG green blossom tea right here. And there's a story
behind this. So let me just give you like a quick story. So I was at the business class lunch at
Singapore Airlines, you know, taking a flight to Bangkok. And bear in mind, that's the first time
that I'm in business class. Like that's the first time I ever fly business class because like I said,
I always used to be broke, right? I have no money to buy to even go on business class. And I always
thought to myself, why would you spend a few thousand dollars on business class? But then,
once again, I have some money right now. So I want to experience what it feels like to
be in the upper echelons, right? So I went to business class lunch. And then of course,
my first time, I go to the buffet and I try to take every single food that I see. And then I saw
the green tea section or whatever the tea section, that is TWG tea bags. For those of you guys who do not
know, TWG is this brand right here. And it's like, apparently it's like one of the most famous tea
brands in the world, like give you like the most highest quality tea. So I was looking around,
trying to find the perfect green tea, you know, the quest to find the perfect green tea.
And then I saw this tea bag that says Imperial Sancha tea, right? And I was like, hmm, I'm a king.
It's an Imperial Sancha tea. It's a green tea for Imperius. I'm an Imperial. So I'm going to try it.
And trust me, it's the absolutely the best green tea I've ever tasted in my entire goddamn life.
In my entire 21 years of my life, that's the best green tea. So I thought myself, okay, shit,
let me go to Google and search. How much is this Imperial Sancha tea? And turns out this goddamn
green tea, like 20 tea bags cost like $50 or something. And I got mind blown. I was like,
what? I spent like $10 on tea bags and this just 20 tea bags you get like for $50. That's
absolutely ridiculous. I'm not going to spend that amount of money. And then I went to like the
souvenir shop, right? And they sell TWGT. And I saw this exact model right here.
Green tea leaves, right? It's not even tea bags. It's leaf, right? And I thought, okay,
maybe leaf will be much more fragrant, right? And I look at the price of this thing. I thought
it'd be like $20 or something, but this goddamn thing is $80. It's freaking $80. And I thought to
myself, who the hell drink green tea that is $80? And next thing you know, this thing is in my
basket. And I checked out with this thing. So I was like, yeah, let me just try something new,
you know, since I've got a little bit of money right now. So yeah, there we have it. Right now,
I'm brewing that tea. You can see that tea right there. And the rule of thumb is that you have to
brew it for at least three minutes for it to be fragrant, right? Ah, let's get an ASMR in there.
Oh, look at that droop. Anyways, cheers guys. This is the blossom tea.
And it's the best thing ever. It tastes so goddamn strong. It tastes so goddamn strong.
Why the hell would you drink alcohol when you can drink tea? And a lot of you guys think that,
like, I'm joking when I say that green tea helps you to get better at the charts. No,
it actually does. It helps you focus, improve focus and concentration. It gets you into the flow state.
If you drink tea, if you're a tea person, you wouldn't know what I'm talking about.
But yes, this is scientific, bread gold proven facts that green tea helps you and makes you more
rich. So if you're poor, start by drinking some tea bags. And when you have a little bit of money,
invest in good tea. I wish I'd done this earlier. Ah, anyways, enough of the yapping about green teas.
I want to talk about life lessons. So recently, I think I found the meaning of life.
And I'm very fortunate to be able to find like the meaning of life at a very young age,
right? I realized that the purpose of life is to live a life of purpose. Now, what does that mean?
Right? That sounds like some deep quote from Sun Tzu or something. What does that truly mean?
That means in your lifetime, you only have this one precious life. You must understand that
the world is so much bigger than you are. Instead of getting sucked into the spotlight
effect where you think that you are everything, you think that you are the main character.
But when in reality, everybody is made the main character. There's so much people out there.
And what it means to have a life of purpose or rather to live a life of purpose and meaning is to
contribute to a cause that is greater than you, right? It's to contribute to something that is
greater than you and help other people and provide good towards this world. Now, once again, it's
very easy to get stuck into the shiny object syndrome or the materialistic stuff that people
chase nowadays, like the fast cars, the Rolls Royce, the Ferraris, the Bosch, and the big penthouses
and mentioned. It's very easy to be sucked into those things, right? And it's a very surface level
happiness. Yes, these things can give you happiness. In fact, if you have the money to do
so, go and enjoy these things, right? Go and enjoy these things. I myself will want to enjoy those
things, right? But bear in mind that you need a purpose that is greater than all of these things
because when it comes to trading, you will fail, you will lose a ton of money, you will suck at
trading, you will make a bunch of mistakes, and at some point of time, you will think about quitting.
You will think about quitting. And when that happens, you cannot be relying on your goal to have that
dream car or that dream house or that nice Rolex that you ever want in your life. These things
don't really motivate you. It doesn't, it does motivate you, but it doesn't motivate you at a
strong level. It doesn't cause you to, you know what I mean? It doesn't cause you to get that strong
drive to push further and not quit, right? So for me, what is my purpose, right? What is the thing
that wakes me up in the morning every single time, right? Every single day, even if I don't feel like
kid, I still wake up at 5am, 6am. Why do I still wake up so early even though I've built something
up for myself? Even though I have enough money to relax my entire lifetime already? Why do I still
wake up so early? Because I have a purpose. And my purpose, like I said at the start of this uncut
trading episode, my grand vision is to make every single trader who desires, who wants it bad enough,
succeed. And I plan to align every single part of my life towards that. I plan to do everything I can
to help each and every one of you watching this succeed at trading. And once again, not each and
every one of you, honestly, it's to help the trader, every single trader who desires, who have a strong
burning desire to succeed and help you do it. Once again, if you think that you want to half-ass this,
you are putting one foot in, one foot out, don't come to this YouTube channel. I'm only going to
be helping people who are serious, genuinely serious about trading to succeed. And those people
who are serious, they are not clicking on my video because of like some nice thumbnail and then just
watch like the first one minute, get a dopamine hit and then fucks off. No, they are watching the
entire video from the start till the end and they are watching right now, watching at me speak this
wisdom to you guys. Think about it. I must know something that you don't. That is why you are
watching me. I must have something that you don't, right? So that is my main life purpose right now.
And I realized that recently I've been really fulfilled because lately I've started the 1%
club and inside the 1% club, all the members are winning. We have one student making over $30,000.
We have multiple students passing funded account challenges and other students are making
consistent profits and increasing their risk to reward ratio, their win rate. And I can really
see the impact of my lessons changing life inside the 1% club, especially when we have like every
single student, or not every single, but a lot of these students share their wins every single day
inside the 1% club, telling me how grateful they are of the lessons inside the 1% club. Because let me
tell you something, I worked my ass off to build the 1% club and even till right now, I'm working
even harder, twice harder than before I launched the 1% club. Because I know that the only way to
help you guys succeed is to teach you guys every single thing that I know about trading that works.
Every single thing that works. And when it comes to the concepts, I don't teach you guys like
surface level concepts. I go super in depth. If you ask any of the 1% club members, you will know that
all the lessons is like 13 minutes long, even one hour long. And they are paired with notes that is
literally written by me personally, that is highlighted and everything. We've chart diagrams
and we are basically doing everything we can to help out the traders inside the 1% club. And also
right now with you guys as well. Right? So that is my life purpose right now. I believe that's the
season of my life right now. And yeah, I'm just aligning myself to that. And if you guys are
wondering what was my life like before trading or before my purpose, right?
It was incredibly depressing. The truth is, it was incredibly depressing. Right now, I'm happy.
I'm fulfilled. I have enough money in my bank account. My family is sad. And yeah, that's all
I need, honestly. I'm very grateful. I'm vibrating at such a high level that you guys don't even
comprehend. But my life wasn't like this like 4-5 years ago. 5 years ago, before I discovered my
purpose, before I knew exactly what I want to do with my life, I was crying myself to sleep every
single night. I was sleeping in the same bed as my father, right? In his room. I was literally beside
him crying myself to sleep. And I would cry at such a low tone so that he doesn't hear me crying,
so that he doesn't know I'm crying. But I was fucking rock bottom, man. And there's like this
window in my room. And we're living at the highest floor. And I thought about unaliving myself every
single day. I was completely depressed and lost with nowhere to go. No clear vision, no purpose
whatsoever. Because I got bullied in school. Because my family was poor. You know, we didn't
have enough money to do anything at all. Because I was trying to escape the reality by playing a bunch
of video games, addicted to video games and, you know, the junk, the stuff that you watch, you know,
the adult materials. My life was fucking depressing. That's the truth. I'm not even gonna
sugarcoat it. My life was goddamn depressing. And I wouldn't want any of you guys to experience what
I went through at a very young age, right? My family was fucked, right? Everything was going against me.
And I genuinely had no purpose. I felt like there is no way I'll become successful. I remember I was
working as a waiter, making about $8 per hour. So I was writing down in my notebook. I had like,
like, like a, like a, like a light bulb in my mind. I wanted to become a million L by the age
of 30 back then. And that was when I was 17 years old or so. I wanted to become a million L at the age
of 30. And then I literally calculated how long it would take me to become a million L.
And I realized that, fuck, there's no way I can become a million L by the age of 30.
Because at 18 years old, I have to go to army, which is two years, and I'll be 20, 21. And after
21, I have to go to university, which is another three, four years, and I'm only 25. And then I'm
gonna be in debt because of paying the school fees for the university. I'm gonna be in a huge amount
of debt. And I won't even pay off this debt by the age of 30. How the hell am I gonna become a million
L? And especially after university, I graduate, I'm gonna be making like what? $3,000,
$4,000, $4,000 per month. Brokey shit. Average shit. At that point of time, I thought that
there was literally no way that I can become a fucking million L. I wanted to settle for
the average. I wanted to become a common man. And after I discovered trading, my life transformed
forever. Because of the fact that, imagine you are working your shitty job, and you deposited like
$500 in your account, which is all you have in your bank account. And you made $9,000, $5,000 in a few
days. The amount of money that you don't even have in your entire life, and that's other people's
monthly paycheck. You make it in just a few days. And that was the point where I tell myself that I'm
gonna go all in into trading. And just focus on mastering trading. Because I know that this
could potentially change my life. In fact, I just had a strong conviction that this will change my
life. And then I start losing money, and I start blowing accounts. Because now that I've made a few
thousand dollars from trading, I think that I'm on top of the world. I think that I'm the best
trader in the world. And you know, overconfidence lead to you taking stupid trades that you end up
losing. And I lost so much money in my first year that I thought about quitting. I genuinely
talked about quitting Forex. And I thought, well, no way this will work out. You know what? Maybe I
should just go back to my shitty job. Maybe I should just go to university and study and get a
stable job in a bank. If I did that, if I followed that route, if I followed that conventional path,
I still wouldn't become a million L. I still wouldn't make six figures from trading the financial
markets. Think about how powerful that is. Whatever choice that you choose to make today
can determine the trajectory of your life. If I quit at that point of time,
I wouldn't last long enough in the markets to see that consistent profits which I have right now.
So, basically, you guys need to just go above and beyond.
Just go above and beyond and think about what do you truly want to achieve from trading?
And like I said, the cars, the houses, the money, they will attract you for the short term, right?
But they won't drive you and give you that strong drive that you need to push past your limits and
your boundaries. You need a much more stronger purpose. Something that lights up within a fire within
you. And like I said, for me, it was to retire my parents, right? That was my why when I started
and that is still my why right now, right? So, yeah, you basically need something that is bigger
than yourself, right? Because the world is not about you, you, you, you, you. It's not about you.
What you give is what you get. You can't just be so selfish. You just think about yourself and
yourself. That is why I created the Trading Tribe, right? The free community, the free community that
we have so that we can allow, you know, everybody to help each other out, every single trader to
level up together. And I'm the tribe leader and I'm very glad to be leading this movement.
This movement to help every single trader who desires succeed. And right now, like I said,
I'm making these videos, one video at a time to actually help you guys out, to help you succeed.
These are the advice that I wish my younger self know. If my younger self knew this,
he wouldn't be thinking about unaliving himself. He wouldn't be crying himself every single night.
That is why I do what I do. Even though it is extremely difficult and requires an extreme
amount of discipline, even though it requires me to, you know, sacrifice my sleep. I know at the end,
it will all be worth it. When I see you guys come up to me in real life, shake my hand and tell me
that I've changed in your life. I've transformed your trading journey. My free videos have helped you
guys out. Then other people's paid causes. I know in the end, it will all be worth it.
So, it's okay. It's okay if I sacrifice a little bit of sleep, right? So what?
I'm doing this for you guys. So, if you want to be part of our movement, click on that subscribe
button if you have not. And yeah, got a little bit emotional in this video, right? This uncut
section is supposed to be raw and unfiltered. No edits whatsoever. And I just hope that I can
share with you guys a side of me that you guys don't see behind the scenes, right? Because what
you guys see is the chart videos where I analyze the charts. Very good at analyzing the charts. And
I try to be funny sometimes even though I'm not. And you guys pretend to be laughing. But this is
the more vulnerable side that I just want to expose myself to you guys. Because we've gotten
ref, 800,000 subscribers. We're almost at a million right now. And some of you guys still
don't even know who I truly am. Some of you guys don't even know my story and the shit that I have
to went through, the trials and tribulations that I have to overcome in order to get to where I am
today. And some wankers out there are still saying that I'm not a trader. Bro, literally shot my videos
out by the oldest. You'll see that I've documented my entire trading journey for the past three years.
Since 2021, I've documented everything. If you don't believe me, shot the videos by the oldest and
you'll see the incredible progress that I've made for the past three years. You can see like the way
that I analyze charts is way different right now. Just think about it. Go to the unfiltered trading
playlist. That was like the first series of uncut trading. This is the second series of uncut
trading. The first series is unfiltered trading. Go watch the first episode where I had like less
than 1,000 subscribers on my YouTube channel. I made that first episode and I was just a boy
trying to share with the world the things that I know about trading and also trying to refine my
trading strategy by teaching it to other people and just trying to make the world a better place.
That is the man that I am. And yeah. And as always, always remember that I will be rooting for you
no matter where you are in life, no matter where you are. Just remember your circumstances does not
define who you are. I grew up with absolutely nothing and I built something out of myself
and you can do it too. And as always, remember you are just one trade away.
