Now, we have entered a new era where making money is as simple as clicking a few buttons.
Wouldn't it be nice if you can live life at your own terms, do what you want,
travel to wherever you want, and just buy whatever you want?
Those are the same questions that I used to ask myself as well.
Now, there are 20-year-olds out there just like me who are taking advantage of this
digital economy to get paid as much as doctors every single month without having any prior work
experience. So today, I'm going to show you everything you need to know to go from zero to
making six figures from trading. And the best part is you don't need a large sum of capital or spend
hours upon hours on the charts. I started trading with less than $100 in my bank account so anyone
can start. Literally anyone, whether you are a student or you are working a 9-5 job.
People have this misconception that being a trader means you have to look at charts the whole day.
Nowadays, I only spend about 30 minutes or less on the charts every single day and I trade for
about a total of 4 hours a week. This is exactly why I have so much freedom with my life.
Now, the first thing I want to mention is that if you have failed at trading in the past,
it is not your fault. There's a lot of information out there and it can be quite confusing. Majority
of the trading advice doesn't even make you money and this information overload is preventing you
from success. If you have been concerned in the past that you just can't succeed with trading,
I want to reassure you and put those fears to rest. You can do this. You just need the right person
to teach you. Now, the big banks want you to think that you need a lot of money or some fancy college
degree to become successful at trading. I'm here to tell you that they are wrong. They have their
own reasons for wanting you to think that but it's not true. If you ever thought that the government
and the banks actually want you to fail, you are probably right because they don't benefit from you
succeeding. They want to keep you poor. They want to keep you in depth and in need so you can always
depend on them. The difference with me is that I actually care about your success and truly want
to see you living your dream life. So that's what I'm here for. I know you want to live your dream
life and provide for your family and I want to show you how to make that happen during this entire
lesson. My goal for this presentation is to help two types of people. For those who are beginners,
you will get to learn everything you need to know to start trading. And for my more experienced
traders who have been in the market for a while now, you will learn how to make more money from
trading and how to stop losing and become profitable faster. For everything that I'm
about to show you today, I want you to know that I'm speaking from experience. My name is Brad Goh,
or you might know me as The Trading Gig. And I've been trading since 2020 and I've made over 6 figures
from trading myself and I've literally shown my life redrawer on YouTube multiple times. I have a
YouTube channel with over 400,000 subscribers and over 100 videos on trading. And I've also coached
multiple students, some of which have went on to become profitable traders themselves who are making
thousands of dollars every month consistently. So let's just say I know my shits. Now this is one
of my students who have graduated from my mentorship program. Her name is Ys and she's a fitness influencer
on Instagram. And she messaged me recently telling me that she has made over 6,000 pounds
in just a span of one week from trading, which is absolutely insane. So if you watch till the end of
this class, I will show you how to get the exact trading system that she is using to make this much
profits. Now I know there are distractions all around you, but this strategy that I'm about to show you
is potentially going to change your life. And I don't want you to miss a single crucial step.
So please make a commitment to stay focused. Can you do that for yourself? Close your Instagram
or TikTok. Stop reading the comments on this video. Give me your complete attention. And you might even
want to grab a pen and paper to take down some notes. So for the next 14 minutes or so, this is
exactly what you will learn. Secret number one, the most profitable high income skill in this era.
Why do I choose forex trading over any other online money-making methods?
Secret number two, reframe your mind for trading success. You need to delete all the useless
knowledge that you have learned so far and start learning valuable trading wisdom that will actually
help you out on your trading journey. Secret number three, how to master trading in the next 90 days.
You can get started with literally less than $100 and little to no risk. And last but not least,
I'm going to share with you my number one trading hack. And you can literally get to copy the exact
system that I use to extract profits from the market. So what's the most profitable high income
skill in this era? By now, you should know that it is trading. Now that's me in Thailand living the
digital nomad lifestyle. A lifestyle that many traders can only dream of. There I was sitting on the
beach with a beautiful sunset in the background. And at that moment, I remember I thought to myself,
damn, I'm so grateful for this life. This is why I've been working so hard for. Now, I don't want you
to just dream of this lifestyle. I want you to actually experience it yourself. So why become a day
trader? Because you get access to freedom, time freedom. Day trading is flexible, which means you can
trade for a few hours and then do whatever you want for the rest of your day, be it spend time with
family or work out. Location freedom. Day trading can be done in anywhere in the world, which means
you can be sitting on a beach in Bali and then traveling around Europe the next month and even
visit the mesmerizing Lake Como in Italy. Financial freedom. When you are working a regular job like a
clerk or an office job, you are given a fixed monthly salary. In day trading, there is no cap
to the amount of money you can potentially make. In trading, you don't get paid by the amounts of
hours you work. You get paid for your decisions. However, there's one condition. Like I said in the
first video of this series, 90% of traders failed. These are the things that only the top 10% of traders
get to enjoy. Now, the next question you might have is what should you trade? Forex, stocks,
options or crypto? Now, I have tried trading all of them and I found forex trading to be the most
profitable. So why did I choose forex trading? When you are trading stocks or options, the market is only
open for 8 hours on weekdays. On the other hand, the forex market is open 24 hours from Monday to Friday.
This means that you can trade at any time you want. It doesn't matter what time is your full-time job.
You will always have the time to trade. If you are working at 9 to 5, you can trade from 6pm to 10pm.
If you are still studying in school, you can trade during the times where you are more free,
like during your holidays. Forex move based on economic and business fundamentals,
such as inflation, interest rates, production, etc. These things don't change so quickly,
so the value of the assets doesn't change that quickly either. On the other hand,
cryptocurrencies have no such fundamentals. The only thing moving them is investor sentiment,
like greed and fear. And that's a bad thing because sentiment can change in a flash.
One minute, Bitcoin could be going to the moon and the next minute, it could be going to shit.
Now, these are the main reasons why I choose to trade forex. The forex market is the most liquid
market in the world. This means that there is always a large number of buyers and sellers looking
to make a trade. The high liquidity in forex means that transactions can be completed quickly and
easily. So the transaction costs are often very low. So you don't need to pay like a crazy amount
of commission fees to the brokers. And like I mentioned just now, the forex market is a 24-hour
market, which means you can trade at any time you want. You can easily start forex trading with a small
capital because there is leverage in forex trading. Leverage allows you to make more money from
trading with a limited amount of capital. A lot of people have misconceptions when it comes to
trading. These misconceptions are actually limiting beliefs that are holding you back
from trading success, holding you back from living your dream life. Trading is risky. When I first
started investing in stocks, I was only 17 years old. That was the age where I bought my first stock
and I still remember it was Apple stock and it was at $80. I still remember how happy I was and I
thought to myself that, oh, I'm going to get rich and become a millionaire before 30. I wasn't even
old enough to open a brokerage account. And coming from a traditional Asian family, my parents told me
that it was extremely risky and I shouldn't play with stocks. But back then, I was reading a lot of
finance and self-improvement books. And I came across this beautiful quote, risk comes from not
knowing what you are doing. So the more you know about that particular subject, the less risky it
will be. So I went ahead and studied everything I needed to know about investing, about trading,
how to analyze the charts, how to react to the economic news. I read books and watched YouTube videos.
And then once I'd done my research, I started investing more money into growth and innovation
stocks like Tesla and Square. So in my first year in the stock market, I actually managed to outperform
the market with my portfolio, surprisingly. As you can see right here, my portfolio returns was about
52.4% while the index was only 48.2%. Yeah, this might be just pure luck, alright? So if you don't
take risks, you will always work for someone who does. Just think about it for a minute. If no one took
any risks and everyone played it safe by working a 9 to 5 job, there'll be no great companies like
Facebook or Google. These companies are created because the founders went ahead and took risks and
in return, they got their reward. No risk, no reward. It's as simple as that. When it comes to trading,
there will always be a type of risk called market risk. At any point of time, anything can happen in
the world. It could be World War III or another pandemic. All of these things are unpredictable
and they affect the market. So yes, 100%, there will always be risk. But you can reduce risk by
learning everything that is to know on trading. Develop an edge that gives you a higher probability
of winning. Oh, I have a full-time job. I'm working a 9 to 5. I'm still studying in school.
Where got time to trade? What if I tell you that all you need is 30 minutes per day to generate
consistent profits from the market? People think that to succeed in trading, you need to stare at
the charts all day. And that's just not true. Trading gives me the freedom to work whenever
I want and wherever I want. So when I don't feel like trading, maybe I could be facing some family
problems. I'm not going to trade. As simple as that. So right now, I'm only spending about 30 to 60
minutes per day on the charts, analyzing the charts. And most of the days when there is no opportunity,
I don't even trade at all. However, back when I was still learning how to trade, I was actually
working a 9 to 5 office job at the same time. My job was to help to like calculate and compute the
property tax for big companies in Singapore. And you're just like a boring ass desk bound job. And
I hated every single second of being a corporate slave. So my routine was that I'll wake up at around
7am, go to my office and start working with my laptop. And whenever I have free time, like during
lunch, I would study trading. And then I would end work at around 6pm and take the train for about
one hour. So I'll reach home at around 7pm. Guess what I did when I reach home? Do I just chew on the
couch, watch Netflix and play video games? Of course not. I studied how to trade forex. I was reading
trading books, watching online courses, taking down notes and practicing using a demo account. No matter
how tired I was from my 9 to 5 job, I make sure that I put in the work, put in the time to study how to
trade day in, day out. So from around 7pm to 12am, I pretty much just started trading and just
practice how to analyze the charts using price action. And I did this straight for 6 months.
Like for 6 months straight, this is my routine. And now looking back, I'm so goddamn glad that I did
that because all my hard work has finally paid off in the end. And my life changed forever because of
this 6 months. Last time, I had to spend 6 hours per day studying how to trade, maybe 2-3 hours
and analyzing the charts. And right now, I'm only spending like 30 minutes on trading per day,
which is something that I'm very, very grateful for. So wake up earlier to study trading and analyze
the charts. Stop mindlessly scrolling social media like TikTok and Instagram and stop watching
entertainment that does not serve any purpose or any help to your life at all. If trading is a
priority to you, you will have the time to trade.
You need a large sum of money to start trading. I used to think that I need at least $10,000 to
start trading Forex. But that is not true. I started trading with less than $100 in my bank
account. And there was this one time where I was lucky enough to turn $500 into $9,000 in 3 days.
And I literally documented like the entire trading journey on YouTube and Instagram. So you can go
ahead and find that video if you want. But basically in this video, I explained my thought process and how I
did it and also show you the proof that it is actually a live account. As you can see, this is
my broker statement for third day. On the third day itself, the third day alone, I managed to make
over $7,700, which brought my entire account value up to like $9,000 in total. And I started off with
$500 guys. And let's look at Steph. After joining my program for just one day, Steph managed to double
his small account of like just $500 and made over another $500 in profit while trading gold. Bring
his entire account from $500 to $1,000 in just one day. The point here is if I can do it, if Steph can
do it, you guys can do it too. With the right knowledge and the skill set, you will be able to
generate consistent profits from the market like I am now. But please guys, do not go ahead and start
depositing a few hundred dollars and try to flip it to $10,000. If you are a beginner, you will 100%
blow your account and lose all the money that you deposited. I'm able to do it because I not only got
the right strategy, but also the experience and the knowledge in the market. Now, if you want to know
the exact strategy on how I did it, watch till the end. Now, when it comes to trading, you need money
to make money. If you have more money in your trading account, then you can risk more money and in
return, you will get much more profits. So if you don't want to lose like too much of your hard
earned money, you can consider getting funded accounts. A funded trading account with a prop
firm is basically an agreement where the prop trading firm will offer you capital to trade with
and in return, you will have to give them a portion of your total profits. But in order to get funded,
you have to go through like a two-step process to actually like prove your trading skills, prove that
you are competent enough to pass the challenge and it is not easy at all. Which is why I'm going to
share with you a four-step framework that will help you master trading and potentially get funded soon.
And at the end of this roadmap to mastery series, like I said, I will give away $200,000 funded
accounts to two lucky winners. And I will announce this soon. So if you're going to participate in this
giveaway, make sure you follow me on all my social medias to stay updated on this. Link in the
description. Now here's another one of my students called Bushan who managed to grow his trading
account by 10 times after my coaching. He managed to grow a small account of $100 to $1,000. Once
again, he has proved to us that you don't need a large sum of money to start trading and even to
learn how he did it. Keep watching. Oh, trading is risky. I don't have the time to trade. You need
a large sum of money to trade. All these are excuses. Excuses that are preventing you from living your dream
life. I know exactly how you feel because I was in your exact position a few years ago. I was scared
to start trading as well. I thought to myself, oh, what if I ended up losing all my life savings?
When you make excuses just like this, you prevent yourself from living your full potential.
Whatever your excuse is, just understand that you will never get to where you truly want to be if you
continue making excuses. It's up to you whether you let these excuses take over you or not. The question
is what will you do? Next, I'm going to show you the exact steps you can start taking to master
trading in the next 90 days. How to trade for a living so they can eventually quit your full-time
job. These are the three pillars of trading that you must master if you want to become a successful
and profitable trader. I call it the three M's. Method, money management, and mindset. Now let's go
through each one of them. Method is how you trade the market. There are two methods where you can
use to determine whether you should buy or sell. Technical analysis. This is basically analyzing the
charts to determine whether you should buy or sell using tools like trading indicators, trend lines,
support and resistance levels, and candlestick patterns. Fundamental analysis is basically the study
of economic news and announcements that will affect the economy. The state of the country's economy will
determine the strength of the country's currency. So if the economy is good, the currency value is going
to go up. If the economy is bad, currency value is going to go down. Money management is basically how
you manage your risk and reward. You must understand that as traders, our goal is to take the threats which
will give us the lowest risk and the highest reward. So you need to figure out how much money are you
risking per trade. What is your risk to reward ratio? What's the maximum drawdown you can accept in your
trading account? Money management will allow you to minimize your losses and maximize your profits so
you can be profitable in the long run. The final M is mindset. When you are trading with your hard
earned money, you're going to experience a lot of emotions like fear, greed, FOMO, doubt. And all these
emotions will cause you to make bad trading decisions. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
This means that if you trade based on your emotions, you will lose money. Just like I mentioned earlier
on, in trading, you don't get paid by your time. You get paid by your decisions. So you need to control
your emotions so you can make the correct, the rational decisions that will allow you to make
profitable trades. Now everything begins or ends with your trading mindset. If you are not in a
proper trading mindset, you won't be able to make money on a consistent basis. Remember, at the end
of the day, you cannot control the market. You can't control how much money you will make today or next
week. But there is one thing that you can control and that is yourself. You can control how you react to
what the market is actually showing you. You can control whether you follow your trading plan or
not. Now all three M's are equally important and these three pillars will become the backbone of
your trading plan. This is like a chair with three legs. If you remove one of them, you will fall and
hurt yourself or in this case, your trading account. This means that you need to master all three pillars
if you want to become a successful trader. A diet won't help you unless you stick to it. You won't be
profitable in trading unless you follow your money management rules and you actually stick to your
winning trading strategy. Money management can't help you unless you have a winning trading strategy
that is backed up by a proven profitable track record. And there's no trading strategy that can
make up for poor money management. You can have the best trading strategy in the world that works 90%
of the time but still lose money because you don't practice proper money management. Example,
when you win, you make $50. But when you lose, you lose $1,000. Even with a 90% win rate, meaning you
win 9 out of 10 trades, one loss can still wipe out all the profits that you made from those 9 winning
trades. Now I'm going to teach you the four-step framework you can use to master trading. And you
can see, it clearly worked for another one of my students called Marcel. He used this exact framework
and in return, the market rewarded him for his discipline. Now these are the four steps that you
need to take to master trading. As you can see, it's a loop. It's a cycle. First, you start learning
everything you need to know about trading. Then, practice and apply whatever you have learned. After
you have practiced enough and you have become confident and proficient at your trading abilities,
this is when you start depositing real money into your trading account and start trading live
account. As you trade, you will need to journal and record down your trades so that you can actually
learn from your mistakes, learn from your losses and become a better trader. And the whole process
repeats itself. Trading is a never-ending journey. You should always be learning and improving.
Trading is like riding a bike. Once you mustered it, no one else can take it from you. Now let's go
through step by step. There are four ways that you can learn trading. Number one, watch free YouTube
videos and webinars to learn trading strategies and techniques. Number two, read books about forex
trading to gain a better understanding of the market. Number three, get a mentor to shorten your
learning curve. Number four, invest in a high quality trading course that actually teaches you
everything about trading. Now the key to trading success is to follow someone who is already successful
at trading. There is no need to reinvent the wheel and come up with your own trading system. If it has
worked for someone else in the past, it's most likely going to work for you too. So ideally, you want
to learn from someone who knows what he's doing and is already good at trading. Now there are a lot of
free information out there on YouTube and the internet to learn from. And it can be quite overwhelming
because there are thousands of trading strategies out there and you do not know which one to pick
and everything is just so messy and all over the place and you don't know where to start. Which is
why I would recommend you to start binge watching my free trading courses playlist on YouTube to learn
everything you need to know about price action trading. You will be able to learn how to use tools
like support and resistance levels, supply and demand zones, candlesticks, volume and Fibonacci to determine
whether you should buy or sell and where to exit the trade. You are the average of the five people you
spend the most time with. The people you spend the most time with shape who you are. They determine what
conversations dominate your attention. They affect what attitudes and behaviors you are regularly exposed to.
Eventually, you will start to think like them and behave like them. That's why I'll recommend you to
join an online trading community to learn from other traders and share ideas with each others. I have
a discord server named The Trading Tribe where you can join over 40,000 members and talk to other
like-minded traders who want to learn just like you. Every tribe member has either achieved or is working
towards the ultimate goal of becoming a successful trader just like you. So like I said, there are a
shit ton of nice people in my discord server that will be more than happy to help you out on
your trading journey. You can post your chart setups, ask questions and even see other people's ideas
and strategies and see what works for them. So if you want to become part of my tribe, click the link
in the description and join for free. Remember, trading can get lonely. If you want to go fast,
go alone. If you want to go far, go together. Surround yourself with successful traders and you too will become
successful. If you want to learn exactly how I trade and copy my highly profitable trading system,
watch till the end of this class. Valor managed to use my trading system and got funded by FTMO.
He then used that funded account and made over 18.5k in total profits. And like I said, watch till
the end and I'll show you how you can copy my exact system so you can make profits just like this.
Now, after you have learned everything about trading, it is finally time for you to apply
whatever you have learned and start practicing so you can actually become good at trading. So this
is where you can use Forex trading tools like TradingView to practice trading and test out all
your trading strategies. And also make sure you open a demo account on MetaTrader 4 and start
trading with virtual money to practice without risking real money. And this is what we call front
testing. Or you can also use backtesting software like Forex Tester 5 or Barreplay 2 on TradingView to
practice with historical market data. This is what we call backtesting. If you want to win, learn to lose.
This stage is where you are allowed to fail. Fail so you can learn. Experiment with different trading
strategies and then narrow down to one that works best for you. Find out whether you are a scalper,
a day trader or a swing trader. When I first started out, I was just like you. I hated my job
and I wanted to quit so damn badly. Back then I was working as a busboy so I had to serve the customers
with alcohol and food. And I would always be working until like 2am and then I would have to go home
smelling like alcohol and freaking junk food. I was constantly looked down by customers and I would
always get scolded by the full timers there, the supervisors. And I just hated how broke I was and I
wanted to quit ASAP. Like I fucking hated my job. And that is why I only spent about 1 month trading on
the demo account and that was it. Then next week, I proceeded to starting opening a live account and I
deposited $500 in that account. And within just a few days, I blew that $500 account. And at the point of time,
$500 means a lot to me. So if I had to start over, I would spend much more time on trading a demo account.
So take your time on trading demo. After you have a consistently profitable track record on demo account,
you are ready to start trading live. Remember, you should only start trading a live account
when you have found a successful strategy and you have done through lots of backtesting
and you have learned how to control your emotions and practice proper risk management. A lot of new
traders jump straight to trading a live account and end up losing a shit ton of money that they
shouldn't have. Do not rush the process. Once you are ready, set up a trading account with a reputable
broker and start trading live. I recommend you to start with a small amount of capital and gradually
increase it as you gain much more experience. Now, when you are trading, you will experience lots of
emotions like I mentioned earlier on and all of these emotions will cause you to make bad decisions
and you will lose money if you let these emotions control you. So how you can prevent this is actually
by creating a trading plan. A trading plan is a set of guidelines that define your trading. You need to
include these seven things inside your trading plan. Number one, what is your timeframe? What markets are you
trading? How much are you risking on each trade? What are the conditions of your trading setups? How will
you enter your trade? Will it be a limit, stop or market order? And where is your stop loss? And where
is your profit target? Now, I used to search for the perfect trading strategy that works all the time.
So after I lose a trade, I will go on to find the next trading strategy. And this mistake has cost me
a lot of money because I didn't know what worked. My trading was quite inconsistent. I will win some money
and then lose some money. That was my weakness, hopping from one strategy to the next. In reality,
there is no such thing as a perfect trading strategy that works all the time. But how did I realize my
mistake? Because I recorded my trades in my trading journal and I realized that my trading setups are
always different. One minute I'll be trading breakouts and another minute I'll be trading pullbacks
and that's the problem. I couldn't pinpoint what worked and what didn't because my strategies were
always changing. This is why having a trading journal is so important. It allows you to learn
from your mistake and that itself will prevent you from losing money. So record down your trades,
keep a trading journal to track your progress and learn from your mistakes. And you can download the
winning trading journal to help you with this, link in the description. Keep track of all your trades and
analyze your performance. Continuously learn and adapt your trading strategies if needed. Keep a
trading diary where you can record down your thoughts and feelings before, during and after
each trade as well as any lessons that you have learned. Now you can even keep a visual record of
your trades using screenshots of your charts and trade history. What I even like to do is to like
literally screen record my entire trading setup and talk through like my entire talk process and what
went wrong and what went right so that I can like keep it somewhere so that I can learn in the future.
Now the question is how do you get profits just like this? Like all these people who I showed you
throughout this entire video. The first option is to take all this information I have given you today
and figure it all out by yourself. This was the path I took three years ago. I went through lots of trials
and tribulations, lost over $10,000, bloomed multiple accounts because I thought that I could do
everything by myself. If you choose this option, understand that you'll waste valuable months or even
years trying to figure out everything on your own. You will lose more money trading and pay more market
tuition. You'll also miss out on all the extra money you could have made if you're starting out on the
right way from the get go. And there's also going to be a higher chance of quitting if you get stuck.
Which is why I created the Trading Blueprint which is a program where I take you by your hand and teach
you exactly every single thing I know about trading so you can go from zero to making over $100,000
from trading in record time. Which brings me to the second option which is join the program with the best
success stories in the industry. Every single success story you've seen during this entire video
has gone through my programs and achieved the profits using the price action trading strategies
I have taught them. Inside the Trading Blueprint, we take complete beginners with no prior knowledge
or experience on trading and help you master trading from scratch, create a high win rate trading strategy
that generates consistent profits, and also teach you my entire trading strategy from the start to the end.
So if you just got a few minutes, let's look at what's inside the Trading Blueprint.
First of all, understand that the Trading Blueprint is not just a course. It is the best learning
experience that is focused on getting you results, helping you become profitable as fast as possible.
The Trading Blueprint course has a lot of training videos that are laid out in a very organized
step-by-step process to teach you everything you need to know no matter what experience level you are
in order to get you to a point of trading success. This program is split into nine phases. These nine
phases will help you go from a complete beginner to an advanced trader. Phase one is the beginner's
guide, right? So this is where you start your trading journey by first learning the basics of the
Forex trading, right? Things like how you make money in Forex, what is Forex trading, basically an
introduction to Forex trading. Next, you got phase two which is more on technical analysis. Here's where you learn
how to analyze the charts using price action tools like candlestick patterns, Fibonacci, key levels,
trend lines, and all these technical tools. Next, we move on to phase three where I literally show you
how I personally trade. It's like an in-depth, a few-part, 60-minute explanation of everything about
my highly profitable trading strategy from top to bottom. Like literally, I will show you everything.
I'm literally opening my hands up to you. And then phase four, these are the things to know. You can learn
some of my best secrets and hacks I use to increase my trading performance. At phase five, scalping and
swing trading, here's where I show you my best scalping and swing trading strategies which are
back-tested and proven to work. So it doesn't matter if you are intraday trader, swing trader,
or a scalpel, you will all benefit from this course. Also, phase six, fundamental analysis. Here's where you
learn how to trade the news, how to take advantage of all these economic news and announcements so that you
can make the correct trading decisions. Phase seven, risk management. This is where you learn to
minimize losses and maximize profits using risk management techniques that is only used by
professional traders. Phase eight, advanced secrets. Here's where you learn how to trade like the top one
percent. And this is for like the advanced traders who want to take their trading to the next level.
Here you learn like the secrets used by legit the top one percent of traders that I have never ever really
reviewed on my YouTube channel or anywhere else. And lastly, phase nine, we got trading psychology.
This is where you develop the proper mindset of a profitable trader so you can conquer emotions like
fear, greed, doubt, and FOMO, right? And if you can really master this section, right? 100%, you're
gonna have a higher chance of becoming profitable. Now, I believe that the trading blueprint is hands down
the best trading course right now in this industry. But don't just take my words for it. Here are some
feedback from the students who have bought the trading course themselves. You can pause this video
and read them yourself. Here's more feedback once again. But my favorite one is this.
Isaac is a 15 year old teenager from New Zealand and he has chosen to invest in himself at such a young
age. At that age, I was busy playing video games until 2am. And he mentioned in this feedback that no
one explains Forex as well as I do. And that is the best part about my teaching. I explain everything,
every complicated trading concept in a way where even a 5 year old can understand. And that alone
is why you should learn from me. And after taking the course, Isaac managed to apply whatever he has
learned from the course and go on to win 6 out of 8 trades that he took. Our program is focused on
helping our students become profitable fast. So we had to go the extra mile. We even included trading
tools to guide you and help you become a better trader so you can make more profits from trading.
Like I mentioned earlier, the key to becoming successful at trading is to follow traders who
are already successful. This means that you need to follow how they think and their day to day habits.
The habits they do every single day to ensure consistent profits from the market. So I invented
the profits matrix. The profits matrix is a habit tracker that will help you do just that.
Follow all the professional traders habits so you can achieve all your trading goals and reach your
fullest potential as a trader. Emotions are why 90% of traders lose. That's why you have to learn to
identify these emotions so you can prevent them from taking control over you and your trading account.
You can use the rational framework to map your emotional patterns and record down your trades.
This will help you gain like a better understanding of your emotions and yourself. And this alone will just
translate to more profits. And also the victorious trading plan which is basically like a custom winning
trading plan template that is designed for you so you can craft out your own version and rely on it
before every trading day. Now that's not the end. As the time passes, I will still be releasing more
trading tools to help you guys out. Like I said, my main purpose with the trading blueprint is to
transform you from complete beginner to highly profitable traders. So yes, if you get the trading
blueprint, you will also get useful trading tools. Since the dawn of time, humans have always hunt in
tribes. We are more powerful when we work as a team, which is why I created the Profits Mastermind.
The Profits Mastermind is an ultra exclusive private community built for traders to reach their
fullest potential. Inside the Profits Mastermind, you will do the following things. Meet and network
with other traders. Find accountability partners. Get your questions answered. Complete trading challenges.
Discuss trade setups and strategies. And also celebrate your wins with each other. Just look at how
supportive this community is. Everyone is kind, friendly and just helping each other to become
profitable traders. So yes, you will get access to the Profits Mastermind community as well. So like I
mentioned, you will also get access to my best trading strategies on scalping, swing trading and intraday
trading. These are the trading strategies that has made me over six figures and also make my students
consistent profits. And also like I said, how I personally trade, right? I'm literally gonna tell you guys
everything, holding nothing back, showing you guys everything on how I personally trade. So you can
replicate the process and you can replicate the profits as well. And also advanced trading secrets, right?
Something that I have never ever really shared in public before, the trading secrets that literally
the top 1% use. Now, the total value of this cost is over $10,000, which is why we wanted to charge at least
$1,999 at first. But we thought that that price would be too expensive and out of reach for most
people. So I'm not gonna charge you that. In fact, the actual price is not even half of it. We decided
to make it accessible for those people who are just starting out on their trading journey because they
are the ones who need it the most, which is why I'm only charging you $497. So let me repeat what you
will get again. Lifetime access to the trading blueprint course, useful trading tools to help you
become a successful trader, access to profits mastermind community and ultra exclusive private
community built by traders for traders. My best trading strategies, how I personally trade and advanced
trading secrets. All of this for only $497. Now, I would suggest that if you want to get lifetime
access at this price, get it today, get it right now. Because in less than 48 hours, from the time
this video is released, the price will be increased to $697. Price will increase and in the future,
this price may even become a yearly subscription where people have to pay like this amount every
single year just to continue being in the program. So at this point, you have two choices. Choice one,
do nothing. If you do nothing with the information you have learned over the last hour or so,
what will you get? Absolutely nothing. Or you can choose to take a leap of faith.
Be the action taker and invest in yourself so you can live your dream life in the near future.
If you want to get the trading blueprint course, click the first link in the description. You are
either good at making money or making excuses, but you can't do both. I've given you the opportunity
and now it's time for you to decide whether you want to be a bystander or someone who actually takes
actions so they can change their life. Whatever your choice is, know that I will always be rooting
for you and hopefully I will see you inside the trading blueprint course. And as always,
remember, you're just one trade away.
